1.
Simon is quoted as saying `` if you 'd ever seen Widnes , then you 'd know why I was keen to get back to London as quickly as possible '' .
Simon is quoted as saying `` if you 'd ever seen Widnes , then you 'd know why I was keen to get back to London as quickly as possible
I to get back as quickly
you 'd seen Widnes ever
Simon as saying then you 'd know why I was keen to get back to London as quickly as possible
2.
The couple had no children .
The couple had no children
3.
Hercule Poirot is a fictional Belgian detective , created by Agatha Christie .
Hercule Poirot is a fictional Belgian detective , created by Agatha Christie
a fictional Belgian detective created by Agatha Christie
4.
A more obvious influence on the early Hercule Poirot stories is that of Arthur Conan Doyle .
A more obvious influence on the early Hercule Poirot stories is that of Arthur Conan Doyle
5.
Hercule Poirot also bears a striking resemblance to A. E. W. Mason 's fictional detective -- Inspector Hanaud of the French Surete -- who , first appearing in the 1910 novel At the Villa Rose , predates the writing of the first Hercule Poirot novel by six years .
Hercule Poirot bears a striking resemblance to A. E. W. Mason 's fictional detective
6.
In chapter four of the second Inspector Hanaud novel , The House of the Arrow ( 1924 ) , Hanaud declares sanctimoniously to the heroine , `` You are wise , Mademoiselle ... For , after all , I am Hanaud .
Hanaud declares sanctimoniously to the heroine You are wise , Mademoiselle ... For , after all , I am Hanaud In chapter four of the second Inspector Hanaud novel
7.
Christie 's Hercule Poirot was a francophone Belgian .
Christie 's Hercule Poirot was a francophone Belgian
8.
Hercule Poirot first appearance was in The Mysterious Affair at Styles ( published 1920 ) and his last in Curtain ( published 1975 , the year before Christie died ) .
Christie died
Hercule Poirot first appearance was in The Mysterious Affair at Styles ( published 1920
9.
On publication of the latter , Hercule Poirot was the only fictional character to be given an obituary in the New York Times ; 6 August 1975 `` Hercule Poirot is Dead ; Famed Belgian Detective '' .
the only fictional character to be given an obituary in the New York Times 6 August 1975
Hercule Poirot is Dead
Hercule Poirot was the only fictional character to be given an obituary in the New York Times 6 August 1975 On publication of the latter
10.
Yet this quaint dandified little man who , I was sorry to see , now limped badly , had been in his time one of the most celebrated members of the Belgian police '' .
I to see
this quaint dandified little man had been in his time one of the most celebrated members of the Belgian police
I was sorry to see
11.
In the later books , the limp is not mentioned , which suggests Hercule Poirot may have been a temporary wartime injury .
the limp is not mentioned In the later books
12.
Frequent mention is made of his patent-leather shoes , damage to which is frequently a subject of ( for the reader , comical ) misery on his part .
Frequent mention is made of his patent-leather shoes
damage to which is frequently a subject of
13.
Eating was not only a physical pleasure , Hercule Poirot was also an intellectual research '' .
Hercule Poirot was also an intellectual research
Eating was not only a physical pleasure
14.
Hercule Poirot , as mentioned in Curtain and The Clocks , is extremely fond of classical music , particularly Mozart and Bach .
Hercule Poirot is extremely fond of classical music
15.
Irritating to Hastings is the fact that Hercule Poirot will sometimes conceal from him important details of his plans , as in The Big Four where Hastings is kept in the dark throughout the climax .
Irritating to Hastings is the fact that Hercule Poirot will sometimes conceal from him important details of his plans , as in The Big Four
Hercule Poirot will conceal from him important details of his plans , as in The Big Four sometimes
Hastings is kept in the dark throughout the climax The Big Four
16.
This aspect of Hercule Poirot is less evident in the later novels , partly because there is rarely a narrator so there is no one for Hercule Poirot to mislead .
This aspect of Hercule Poirot is less evident in the later novels partly because there is rarely a narrator so there is no one
Hercule Poirot to mislead
17.
Hercule Poirot methods focus on getting people to talk .
Hercule Poirot methods focus on getting people to talk
18.
`` To this day Harold is not quite sure what made him suddenly pour out the whole story to a little man to whom he had only spoken a few minutes before '' .
Harold is not quite sure what made him suddenly pour out the whole story to a little man To this day
he had only spoken a few minutes before
19.
Hercule Poirot leads people to despise you .
Hercule Poirot leads people to despise you
people to despise you
20.
In chapter 21 of The Murder of Roger Ackroyd , for example , Hercule Poirot talks about a mentally disabled nephew : this proves to be a ruse so that he can find out about homes for the mentally unfit , and in Dumb Witness , Hercule Poirot tells of an elderly invalid mother as a pretence to investigate the local nurses .
this proves
Hercule Poirot talks about a mentally disabled nephew In chapter 21 of The Murder of Roger Ackroyd
this to be a ruse
he can find out about homes for the mentally unfit
Hercule Poirot tells of an elderly invalid mother in Dumb Witness
21.
Hercule Poirot was in the Brussels police force by 1893 .
Hercule Poirot was in the Brussels police force by 1893
22.
Christie strongly implies that this `` quiet retreat in the Ardennes '' near Spa is the Hercule Poirot family home .
Christie strongly implies that this `` quiet retreat in the Ardennes '' near Spa is the Hercule Poirot family home
this `` quiet retreat in the Ardennes '' near Spa is the Hercule Poirot family home
23.
Christie is purposefully vague , as Poirot is thought to be elderly even in the early Hercule Poirot novels , and in An Autobiography '' she admitted that she already imagined him to be an old man in 1920 .
she to be an old man in 1920
Poirot is thought
Poirot to be elderly even in the early Hercule Poirot novels , and in An Autobiography
she admitted that she already imagined him to be an old man in 1920
Christie is purposefully vague
she imagined him to be an old man in 1920 already
24.
Christie wrote little of Hercule Poirot childhood though in Three Act Tragedy she writes that he comes from a large family with little wealth .
Christie wrote little of Hercule Poirot childhood
she writes that he comes from a large family with little wealth in Three Act Tragedy
he comes from a large family with little wealth
25.
`` Gustave ... was not a policeman .
Gustave was not a policeman
26.
As an adult , Hercule Poirot joined the Belgian police force .
Hercule Poirot joined the Belgian police force
27.
Very little mention is made in Christie 's work about this part of his life , but in `` The Nemean Lion '' ( 1939 ) Hercule Poirot himself refers to a Belgian case of his in which `` a wealthy soap manufacturer ... poisoned his wife in order to be free to marry his secretary '' .
Very little mention is made in Christie 's work about this part of his life
a wealthy soap manufacturer poisoned his wife in order
28.
In the short story The Chocolate Box ( 1923 ) Hercule Poirot provides Captain Arthur Hastings with an account of what he considers to be his only failure .
The Chocolate Box ( 1923 ) Hercule Poirot provides Captain Arthur Hastings with an account of what he considers to be his only failure
he considers to be his only failure
29.
Nevertheless , he regards the case in `` The Chocolate Box '' , which took place in 1893 , as his only actual failure of detection .
he regards the case as his only actual failure of detection
The Chocolate Box took place in 1893
30.
Hercule Poirot was also in this period that Poirot shot a man who was firing from a roof onto the public below .
a man was firing from a roof onto the public below
Hercule Poirot was also in this period
Poirot shot a man who was firing from a roof onto the public below
31.
Hercule Poirot had been forcibly retired from the Belgian police force prior to the time he met Hastings in 1916 as a refugee on the case retold in The Mysterious Affair at Styles .
Hercule Poirot had been forcibly retired from the Belgian police force prior to the time
he met Hastings in 1916 the time
the case retold in The Mysterious Affair at Styles
32.
So much had he become the rage that every rich woman who had mislaid a bracelet or lost a pet kitten rushed to secure the services of the great Hercule Poirot '' .
every rich woman had mislaid a bracelet
every rich woman lost a pet kitten
the rage rushed to secure the services of the great Hercule Poirot
every rich woman who had mislaid a bracelet or lost a pet kitten to secure the services of the great Hercule Poirot
33.
During World War I , Hercule Poirot left Belgium for Britain as a refugee ( although he returned a few times ) .
Hercule Poirot left Belgium for Britain as a refugee During World War I
he returned a few times
34.
It is clear that Hastings and Hercule Poirot are already friends when they meet in Chapter 2 of the novel , because Hastings tells Cynthia that he has not seen him for `` some years '' .
they meet in Chapter 2 of the novel
Hastings tells Cynthia that he has not seen him for `` some years
he has not seen him
35.
The date of 1916 for the case , and the fact that Hastings had met Hercule Poirot in Belgium , is given in Curtain : Hercule Poirot Last Case , Chapter 1 ( Someone had been shot in a village where Hastings was duck-shooting and Hercule Poirot had been called in from the Brussels police to investigate ) .
Hastings had met Hercule Poirot in Belgium
The date of 1916 for the case , and the fact that Hastings had met Hercule Poirot in Belgium is given in Curtain
Someone had been shot in a village
Hastings was a village
duck-shooting and Hercule Poirot had been called in from the Brussels police to investigate
36.
Readers were told that the British authority learned about Hercule Poirot keen investigative ability from certain Belgian royals .
Readers were told that the British authority learned about Hercule Poirot keen investigative ability from certain Belgian royals
the British authority learned about Hercule Poirot keen investigative ability from certain Belgian royals
37.
( This building was in fact built in 1936 , decades later than Hercule Poirot fictionally moved in .
fact built in 1936
Hercule Poirot fictionally moved in decades later
This building was in fact
38.
The Murder On the Links saw the Belgian pit his grey cells against a French murderer .
The Murder On the Links saw the Belgian pit his grey cells against a French murderer
39.
Hercule Poirot was during this time he met the Countess Vera Rossakoff , a glamorous jewel thief .
Hercule Poirot was during this time he met the Countess Vera Rossakoff
he met the Countess Vera Rossakoff this time
40.
The history of the Countess is , like Hercule Poirot , steeped in mystery .
The history of the Countess is like Hercule Poirot
Hercule Poirot steeped in mystery
41.
She claims to have been a member of the Russian aristocracy before the Russian Revolution and suffered greatly as a result , but how much of that story is true is an open question .
She to have been a member of the Russian aristocracy before the Russian Revolution
42.
Even Hercule Poirot acknowledges that Rossakoff has told several wildly varying accounts of her early life .
Even Hercule Poirot acknowledges that Rossakoff has told several wildly varying accounts of her early life
Rossakoff has told several wildly varying accounts of her early life
43.
Hercule Poirot even sent Miss Carnaby two hundred pounds as a final payoff before her dog kidnapping campaign came to an end .
Hercule Poirot even sent Miss Carnaby two hundred pounds before her dog kidnapping campaign came to an end
her dog kidnapping campaign came to an end
Carnaby is even sent Miss of Hercule Poirot
44.
In Murder on the Orient Express , Hercule Poirot allows the murderers to escape justice as well , after he discovers that twelve different people stabbed the victim -- Mr. Ratchett -- in his sleep .
Hercule Poirot allows the murderers to escape justice as well In Murder on the Orient Express
the murderers to escape as well justice
he discovers that twelve different people stabbed the victim
twelve different people stabbed the victim
45.
Hercule Poirot may also be because , since 12 people stabbed the victim , none was certain who delivered the killing blow .
Hercule Poirot may also be because , since 12 people stabbed the victim , none was certain who delivered the killing blow
12 people stabbed the victim
46.
After his cases in the Middle East , Hercule Poirot returned to Britain .
Hercule Poirot returned to Britain After his cases in the Middle East
47.
Hercule Poirot is also shown to have an love of steam trains , which contrasts Hasting 's love of cars : this is shown in The Mystery of the Blue Train , Murder On The Orient Express , and The ABC Murders ( in the TV series , steam trains are seen in nearly all of the episodes ) .
Hercule Poirot to have an love of steam trains , which contrasts Hasting 's love of cars
an love of steam trains contrasts Hasting 's love of cars
steam trains are seen in nearly all of the episodes
this is shown in The Mystery of the Blue Train
Hercule Poirot is also shown
48.
In the Big Four , Hercule Poirot pretends to have a younger brother called Achille Poirot .
a younger brother called Achille Poirot
Hercule Poirot pretends to have a younger brother In the Big Four
Hercule Poirot pretends to have a younger brother called Achille Poirot
49.
Most of the cases covered by Hercule Poirot private detective agency take place before his retirement to grow marrows , at which time he solves The Murder of Roger Ackroyd .
the cases covered by Hercule Poirot private detective agency
Most of the cases take place before his retirement to grow marrows , at which time he solves The Murder of Roger Ackroyd
he solves The Murder of Roger Ackroyd at which time
50.
If the Labours precede the events in Roger Ackroyd , then the Roger Ackroyd case must have taken place around twenty years later than it was published , and so must any of the cases that refer to it .
the Labours precede the events in Roger Ackroyd
the Roger Ackroyd case must have taken place around twenty years later then
it was published
51.
One alternative would be that having failed to grow marrows once , Hercule Poirot is determined to have another go , but this is specifically denied by Hercule Poirot himself .
One alternative would be that having failed to grow marrows once , Hercule Poirot is determined to have another go , but this is specifically denied by Hercule Poirot
Hercule Poirot is determined to have another go
this is specifically denied by Hercule Poirot
Hercule Poirot to have another go
52.
Also , in `` The Erymanthian Boar '' , Hercule Poirot is said to have been turned out of Austria by the Nazis , implying that the events of The Labours of Hercules took place after 1937 .
Hercule Poirot is said in `` The Erymanthian Boar
Hercule Poirot to have been turned out by the Nazis
53.
In terms of a rudimentary chronology , Hercule Poirot speaks of retiring to grow marrows in Chapter 18 of The Big Four ( 1927 ) , which places that novel out of published order before Roger Ackroyd .
Hercule Poirot speaks of retiring In terms of a rudimentary chronology
The Big Four places that novel out of published order before Roger Ackroyd
54.
The time when cases had drawn him from one end of England to the other was past '' .
cases had drawn him from one end of England The time
The time when cases had drawn him from one end of England to the other was past
55.
Beginning with Three Act Tragedy ( 1934 ) , Christie had perfected during the inter-war years a sub-genre of Hercule Poirot novel in which Hercule Poirot himself spent much of the first third of the novel on the periphery of events .
Hercule Poirot spent much of the first third of the novel on the periphery of events Hercule Poirot novel
Christie had perfected during the inter-war years Beginning with Three Act Tragedy ( 1934
56.
In Cat Among the Pigeons , Hercule Poirot entrance is so late as to be almost an afterthought .
Hercule Poirot entrance is so late as to be almost an afterthought In Cat Among the Pigeons
57.
He was forced to become the murderer in Curtain , although Hercule Poirot was for the benefit of others .
He was forced to become the murderer in Curtain
He to become the murderer
Hercule Poirot was for the benefit of others
58.
While Hercule Poirot actual death and funeral occurred in Curtain , years after his retirement from active investigation , it was not the first time Hastings attended the funeral of his best friend .
Hercule Poirot actual death and funeral occurred in Curtain
it was not the first time
Hastings attended the funeral of his best friend the first time
59.
Hastings , a former British Army officer , first meets Hercule Poirot during Hercule Poirot years as a police officer in Belgium and almost immediately after they both arrive in England .
Hastings meets Hercule Poirot during Hercule Poirot years as a police officer in Belgium first
Hastings is a former British Army officer
Hastings is a former Army officer from United Kingdom
60.
Hercule Poirot later emigrate to Argentina , leaving Poirot behind as a `` very unhappy old man '' .
Hercule Poirot emigrate to Argentina leaving Poirot behind as a `` very unhappy old man later
Hercule Poirot emigrate to Argentina leaving Poirot behind
61.
The detective novelist Ariadne Oliver is Agatha Christie 's humorous self-caricature .
The detective novelist is Agatha Christie 's humorous self-caricature
62.
Hercule Poirot secretary , Miss Felicity Lemon , has few human weaknesses .
Hercule Poirot secretary has few human weaknesses
Miss Felicity Lemon is secretary of Hercule Poirot
63.
Whether this was during one of Hercule Poirot numerous retirements or before she entered his employment is unknown .
this was during one of Hercule Poirot numerous retirements
she entered his employment
Whether this was during one of Hercule Poirot numerous retirements is unknown
64.
These favours usually entail Hercule Poirot being supplied with cases that would interest him .
cases would interest him
These favours entail Hercule Poirot being supplied with cases usually
Hercule Poirot being supplied with cases
65.
In Agatha Christie 's Hercule Poirot , Japp was portrayed by Philip Jackson .
Japp was portrayed by Philip Jackson In Agatha Christie 's Hercule Poirot
66.
In Hercule Poirot , Thirteen at Dinner ( 1985 ) , adapted from Lord Edgware Dies , the role of Japp was taken by the actor David Suchet , who would later star as Poirot in the ITV adaptations .
Thirteen at Dinner adapted from Lord Edgware Dies
Thirteen at Dinner ( 1985 ) , adapted from Lord Edgware Dies , the role of Japp was taken by the actor David Suchet In Hercule Poirot
the actor David Suchet would star as Poirot later
67.
The Hercule Poirot books take readers through the whole of his life in England , from the first book ( The Mysterious Affair at Styles ) , where he is a refugee staying at Styles , to the last Hercule Poirot book ( Curtain ) , where he visits Styles once again before his death .
The Hercule Poirot books take readers
he is a refugee staying at Styles
a refugee staying at Styles
he visits Styles once again before his death
68.
In between , Hercule Poirot solves cases outside England as well , including his most famous case , Murder on the Orient Express ( 1934 ) .
Hercule Poirot solves cases outside England as well In between
69.
Hercule Poirot became famous with the publication , in 1926 , of The Murder of Roger Ackroyd , whose surprising solution proved controversial .
Hercule Poirot became famous with the publication , in 1926 , of The Murder of Roger Ackroyd
70.
The novel is still among the most famous of all detective novels : Edmund Wilson alludes to Hercule Poirot in the title of his well-known attack on detective fiction , `` Who Cares Who Killed Roger Ackroyd ?
Who Cares Killed Roger Ackroyd
Edmund Wilson alludes to Hercule Poirot in the title of his well-known attack on detective fiction , `` Who Cares
The novel is still among the most famous of all detective novels
Edmund Wilson alludes to Hercule Poirot in the title of his well-known attack on detective fiction
71.
The last of these , a tale of multiple homicide upon a Nile steamer , was judged by the celebrated detective novelist John Dickson Carr to be among the ten greatest mystery novels of all time .
a tale of multiple homicide upon a Nile steamer was judged by the celebrated detective novelist The last of these , a tale of multiple homicide upon a Nile steamer , was judged by the celebrated detective novelist John Dickson Carr to be among the ten greatest mystery novels of all time
72.
The 1942 novel Five Little Pigs ( aka Murder in Retrospect ) , in which Hercule Poirot investigates a murder committed sixteen years before by analysing various accounts of the tragedy , is a Rashomon-like performance that critic and mystery novelist Robert Barnard called the best of the Christie novels .
Hercule Poirot investigates a murder committed sixteen years before by analysing various accounts of the tragedy The 1942 novel
a murder committed sixteen years before by analysing various accounts of the tragedy
The 1942 novel Five Little Pigs ( aka Murder in Retrospect ) , in which Hercule Poirot investigates a murder is a Rashomon-like performance
that critic and mystery novelist Robert Barnard called the best of the Christie novels
73.
The first actor to portray Hercule Poirot was Charles Laughton .
The first actor to portray Hercule Poirot
The first actor to portray Hercule Poirot was Charles Laughton
74.
Austin Trevor debuted the role of Hercule Poirot on screen in the 1931 British film Alibi .
Austin Trevor debuted the role of Hercule Poirot on screen in the 1931 British film Alibi
75.
Hercule Poirot was based on the stage play .
Hercule Poirot was based on the stage play
76.
Leslie S. Hiscott directed the first two films , with Henry Edwards taking over for the third .
Leslie S. Hiscott directed the first two films
Henry Edwards taking over for the third
77.
Albert Finney played Hercule Poirot in 1974 in the cinematic version of Murder on the Orient Express .
Albert Finney played Hercule Poirot in 1974 in the cinematic version of Murder on the Orient Express
78.
Finney is the only actor to receive an Academy Award nomination for playing Hercule Poirot , though he did not win .
Finney is the only actor to receive an Academy Award nomination for playing Hercule Poirot
the only actor to receive an Academy Award nomination for playing Hercule Poirot
he did not win
79.
Peter Ustinov played Hercule Poirot a total of six times , starting with Death on the Nile ( 1978 ) .
Peter Ustinov played a total of six times
80.
When Christie 's daughter , Rosalind Hicks , observed Ustinov during a rehearsal , she said , `` That 's not Poirot !
Christie 's daughter observed Ustinov during a rehearsal
she said That 's not Poirot When Christie 's daughter , Rosalind Hicks , observed Ustinov during a rehearsal
That 's not Poirot
Rosalind Hicks is daughter of Christie
81.
Unlike earlier adaptations that were set during the time in which the novels were written , however , these TV movies were set in the contemporary era .
earlier adaptations were set during the time
the novels were written the time
these TV movies were set in the contemporary era
82.
David Suchet considers his performance as Japp to be `` possibly the worst performance of his career '' .
David Suchet considers his performance as Japp to be `` possibly the worst performance of his career
his performance as Japp to be possibly the worst performance of his career
83.
David Suchet has starred as the eponymous detective in Agatha Christie 's Hercule Poirot in the ITV series since 1989 .
David Suchet has starred as the eponymous detective in Agatha Christie 's Hercule Poirot in the ITV series since 1989
84.
In late 2011 , ITV announced that Hercule Poirot would be filming the remaining Poirot stories in 2012 dead link date = March 2013 .
ITV announced that Hercule Poirot would be filming the remaining Poirot stories in 2012 dead link date In late 2011
Hercule Poirot would be filming the remaining Poirot stories in 2012 dead link date
85.
As a result , Suchet will have filmed adaptations of every Hercule Poirot novel , and all but one Hercule Poirot short story .
Suchet will have filmed adaptations of every Hercule Poirot novel
86.
In 2004 , NHK ( Japanese public TV network ) produced a 39 episode anime series titled Agatha Christie 's Great Detectives Hercule Poirot and Marple , as well as a manga series under the same title released in 2005 .
NHK produced a 39 episode anime series titled Agatha Christie 's Great Detectives Hercule Poirot and Marple , as well as a manga series under the same title In 2004
a 39 episode anime series titled Agatha Christie 's Great Detectives
the same title released in 2005
87.
The series , adapting several of the best-known Hercule Poirot and Marple stories , ran from 4 July 2004 through 15 May 2005 , and has since been shown in repeated reruns on NHK and other networks in Japan .
The series adapting several of the best-known Hercule Poirot and Marple stories
The series , adapting several of the best-known Hercule Poirot and Marple stories ran from 4 July 2004 through 15
May 2005 has been shown in repeated reruns on NHK and other networks in Japan since
88.
On 22 February 1945 , `` speaking from London , Agatha Christie introduced the initial broadcast of the Hercule Poirot series via shortwave '' .
Agatha Christie introduced the initial broadcast of the Hercule Poirot series via shortwave On 22 February 1945
89.
In Neil Simon 's Murder By Death , American actor James Coco plays `` Milo Perrier '' , a parody of Hercule Poirot .
American actor James Coco plays Milo Perrier In Neil Simon 's Murder By Death
James Coco is actor from United States
90.
Tony Randall portrayed Hercule Poirot in The Alphabet Murders a 1965 film also known as The ABC Murders .
a 1965 film known as The ABC Murders
Tony Randall portrayed Hercule Poirot in The Alphabet
91.
Much of the story , set in contemporary times , was played for comedy , with Hercule Poirot investigating the murders while evading the attempts by Hastings ( Robert Morley ) and the police to get him out of England and back to Belgium .
the story set in contemporary times
Much of the story was played for comedy
Hercule Poirot investigating the murders while evading the attempts by Hastings ( Robert Morley ) and the police
Hercule Poirot investigating the murders evading the attempts by Hastings ( Robert Morley ) and the police
92.
Dudley Jones played Poirot in the film The Strange Case of the End of Civilization as We Know Hercule Poirot ( 1977 ) .
Dudley Jones played Poirot in the film
We Know Hercule Poirot
93.
Hercule Poirot would go on to use the `` little grey cells '' line countless times throughout Agatha Christie 's fiction .
Hercule Poirot would go on
Hercule Poirot to use the `` little grey cells line countless times throughout Agatha Christie 's fiction
94.
The Belgian brewery Brasserie Ellezelloise makes a highly rated stout called Hercule with a moustachioed caricature of Hercule Poirot on the label .
The Belgian brewery makes a highly rated stout called Hercule with a moustachioed caricature of Hercule Poirot on the label
a highly rated stout called Hercule
95.
In the final host segment of Mystery Science Theater 3000s episode `` The Rebel Set '' , Tom Servo dresses up as Hercule Poirot and impersonates him in an attempt to discover the identity of B-movie actor Merritt Stone .
Tom Servo dresses up as Hercule Poirot In the final host segment of Mystery Science Theater
Tom Servo impersonates him in an attempt
96.
Jason Alexander played Hercule Poirot in episode 108 of Muppets Tonight in a spoof called `` Murder on the Disoriented Express '' .
Jason Alexander played Hercule Poirot in episode 108 of Muppets Tonight in a spoof
a spoof called Murder on the Disoriented Express
97.
Hercule Poirot is parodied twice in sketch show That Mitchell and Webb Look , where he is played by David Mitchell ; one sketch sees him identifying a killer due to her use of `` the evil voice '' -- a voice that only murderers use -- admitting that he otherwise had no evidence , and a later sketch sees him meeting a ship captain who is also played by Mitchell .
Hercule Poirot is parodied twice in sketch
only murderers use a voice that only murderers use -- admitting that he otherwise had no evidence , and a later sketch sees him meeting a ship captain who is also played by Mitchell .
a ship captain is also played by Mitchell
a voice that only murderers use admitting that he otherwise had no evidence , and a later sketch sees him meeting a ship captain
he otherwise had no evidence
he is played by David Mitchell
one sketch sees him identifying a killer due to her use of `` the evil voice
him identifying a killer
a later sketch sees him meeting a ship captain
him meeting That Mitchell and Webb Look , where he is played by David Mitchell one sketch sees him identifying a killer due to her use of `` the evil voice '' -- a voice that only murderers use -- admitting that he otherwise had no evidence , and a later sketch sees him meeting a ship captain who is also played by Mitchell
98.
Hercule Poirot is a fictional Belgian detective .
Hercule Poirot is a fictional Belgian detective
99.
Hercule Poirot is a francophone Belgian .
Hercule Poirot is a francophone Belgian
100.
Hercule Poirot is the only fictional character to be given an obituary in the New York Times ; 6 August 1975 `` Hercule Poirot is Dead ; Famed Belgian Detective '' .
the only fictional character to be given an obituary in the New York Times 6 August 1975
Hercule Poirot is Dead
Hercule Poirot is the only fictional character to be given an obituary in the New York Times 6 August 1975
101.
Hercule Poirot is Dead ; Famed Belgian Detective '' .
Hercule Poirot is Dead
102.
Hercule Poirot is an intellectual research .
Hercule Poirot is an intellectual research
103.
Hercule Poirot is a fairly conventional , clue-based detective .
Hercule Poirot is a fairly conventional , clue-based detective
104.
Hercule Poirot is Murder on the Links .
Hercule Poirot is Murder on the Links
105.
Hercule Poirot is a pretence to investigate the local nurses .
Hercule Poirot is a pretence to investigate the local nurses
a pretence to investigate the local nurses
106.
Hercule Poirot is Roman Catholic .
Hercule Poirot is Roman Catholic
107.
Hercule Poirot is a Roman Catholic .
Hercule Poirot is a Roman Catholic
108.
Hercule Poirot is an adult .
Hercule Poirot is an adult
109.
Hercule Poirot is a refugee on the case retold in The Mysterious Affair .
Hercule Poirot is a refugee on the case
the case retold in The Mysterious Affair
Hercule Poirot is a refugee on the case
110.
Hercule Poirot is a refugee ( although he returned a few times ) .
Hercule Poirot is a refugee
he returned a few times
111.
Hercule Poirot is a police officer in Belgium .
Hercule Poirot is a police officer in Belgium
112.
Hercule Poirot is a poor private detective .
Hercule Poirot is a poor private detective
113.
Emil Kraepelin ( 15 February 1856 -- 7 October 1926 ) was a German psychiatrist .
Emil Kraepelin was a German psychiatrist
114.
Emil Kraepelin was first introduced to biology by Emil Kraepelin brother Karl , 10 years older and , later , the director of the Zoological Museum of Hamburg .
Emil Kraepelin was introduced to biology by Emil Kraepelin brother Karl , 10 years older and , later first
Karl is brother of Emil Kraepelin
115.
While there , Emil Kraepelin wrote a prize-winning essay , `` The Influence of Acute Illness in the Causation of Mental Disorders '' .
Emil Kraepelin wrote a prize-winning essay While there
116.
Emil Kraepelin received Emil Kraepelin medical degree ( M.D. ) in 1878 .
Emil Kraepelin received Emil Kraepelin medical degree in 1878
117.
In 1879 , Emil Kraepelin went to work with Bernhard von Gudden at the University of Munich , where Emil Kraepelin completed Emil Kraepelin thesis , `` The Place of Psychology in Psychiatry '' .
Emil Kraepelin completed Emil Kraepelin thesis
Emil Kraepelin went to work with Bernhard von Gudden at the University of Munich In 1879
Emil Kraepelin went to work with Bernhard von Gudden at the University of Munich
118.
Emil Kraepelin major work , Compendium der Psychiatrie , was first published in 1883 .
Emil Kraepelin major work was published in 1883 first
119.
In 1886 , at the age of 30 , Emil Kraepelin was named professor of psychiatry at the University of Dorpat ( today the University of Tartu ) in what is today Estonia ( see Burgmair et al. , Vol IV ) .
Emil Kraepelin was named professor of psychiatry at the University of Dorpat In 1886 at the age of 30
120.
Four years later , Emil Kraepelin became department head at the University of Heidelberg , where Emil Kraepelin remained until 1903 .
Emil Kraepelin became department head at the University of Heidelberg Four years later
Emil Kraepelin remained until 1903
121.
Whilst at Dorpat Emil Kraepelin became the director of the eighty-bed University Clinic .
Whilst at Dorpat Emil Kraepelin became the director of the eighty-bed University Clinic
122.
There Emil Kraepelin began to study and record many clinical histories in detail and `` was led to consider the importance of the course of the illness with regard to the classification of mental disorders '' .
Emil Kraepelin began to study and record many clinical histories in detail and `` was led to consider the importance of the course of the illness with regard to the classification of mental disorders There
Emil Kraepelin began to study
Emil Kraepelin began to record many clinical histories
123.
In 1903 Emil Kraepelin moved to Munich to take up post as Professor of Clinical Psychiatry at the University of Munich .
Emil Kraepelin moved to Munich to take up post as Professor of Clinical Psychiatry at the University of Munich In 1903
Emil Kraepelin to take up post as Professor of Clinical Psychiatry at the University of Munich
124.
Emil Kraepelin was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1908 .
Emil Kraepelin was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1908
125.
In 1912 at the request of the German Society of Psychiatry , Emil Kraepelin began plans to establish a centre for research .
Emil Kraepelin began plans to establish a centre for research In 1912 at the request of the German Society of Psychiatry
Emil Kraepelin began to establish a centre
126.
Following a large donation from the Jewish German American banker James Loeb who had at one time been a patient , and promises of support from ` patrons of science ' , the German Institute for Psychiatric Research was founded in 1917 in Munich .
the German Institute for Psychiatric Research was founded in 1917 in Munich Following a large donation from the Jewish German American banker James Loeb who had at one time been a patient , and promises of support from ` patrons of science
James Loeb is Jewish banker of German American
127.
The German American Rockefeller family 's Rockefeller Foundation made a large donation enabling the development of a new dedicated building for the institute , along Emil Kraepelin guidelines , which was officially opened in 1928 .
The German American Rockefeller family 's Rockefeller Foundation made a large donation enabling the development of a new dedicated building for the institute ,
a large donation enabling the development of a new dedicated building for the institute
Emil Kraepelin guidelines was officially opened in 1928
128.
The final edition of Emil Kraepelin Textbook of Psychiatry was published in 1927 , shortly after Emil Kraepelin death .
The final edition of Emil Kraepelin Textbook of Psychiatry was published in 1927 shortly after Emil Kraepelin death
129.
Kraepelin announced that Emil Kraepelin had found a new way of looking at mental illness .
Kraepelin announced that Emil Kraepelin had found a new way of looking at mental illness
Emil Kraepelin had found a new way of looking at mental illness
130.
In fact , it was precisely because of the demonstrated inadequacy of such methods that Kraepelin developed Emil Kraepelin new diagnostic system .
it was precisely because of the demonstrated inadequacy of such methods
Kraepelin developed Emil Kraepelin new diagnostic system
131.
Kraepelin is specifically credited with the classification of what was previously considered to be a unitary concept of psychosis , into two distinct forms ( known as the Kraepelinian dichotomy ) : Drawing on Emil Kraepelin long-term research , and using the criteria of course , outcome and prognosis , Emil Kraepelin developed the concept of dementia praecox , which Emil Kraepelin defined as the `` sub-acute development of a peculiar simple condition of mental weakness occurring at a youthful age '' .
Emil Kraepelin developed the concept of dementia praecox , which Emil Kraepelin defined as the `` sub-acute development of a peculiar simple condition of mental weakness occurring at a youthful age ''
Kraepelin is specifically credited
the concept of dementia praecox defined as the `` sub-acute development of a peculiar simple condition of mental weakness
a peculiar simple condition of mental weakness occurring at a youthful age
132.
In the sixth edition of the Lehrbuch in 1899 all three of these clinical types are treated as different expressions of one disease , dementia praecox .
all three of these clinical types are treated as different expressions of one disease In the sixth edition of the Lehrbuch in 1899
133.
One of the cardinal principles of Emil Kraepelin method was the recognition that any given symptom may appear in virtually any one of these disorders ; e.g. , there is almost no single symptom occurring in dementia praecox which can not sometimes be found in manic-depression .
dementia praecox can not be found in manic-depression sometimes
any given symptom may appear in virtually any one of these disorders
almost no single symptom occurring in dementia praecox
134.
Thus , Emil Kraepelin system is a method for pattern recognition , not grouping by common symptoms .
Emil Kraepelin system is a method for pattern recognition , not grouping by common symptoms
135.
Generally speaking , there tend to be more schizophrenics among the relatives of schizophrenic patients than in the general population , while manic-depression is more frequent in the relatives of manic-depressives .
there tend to be more schizophrenics among the relatives of schizophrenic patients than in the general population
manic-depression is more frequent in the relatives of manic-depressives
136.
Emil Kraepelin believed that schizophrenia had a deteriorating course in which mental function continuously ( although perhaps erratically ) declines , while manic-depressive patients experienced a course of illness which was intermittent , where patients were relatively symptom-free during the intervals which separate acute episodes .
Emil Kraepelin believed that schizophrenia had a deteriorating course while manic-depressive patients experienced a course of illness
schizophrenia had a deteriorating course
patients were relatively symptom-free during the intervals
the intervals separate acute episodes
manic-depressive patients experienced a course of illness which was intermittent ,
a course of illness was intermittent
137.
This led Emil Kraepelin to name what we now know as schizophrenia , dementia praecox ( the dementia part signifying the irreversible mental decline ) .
This led Emil Kraepelin to name what we now know as schizophrenia , dementia praecox
the dementia part signifying the irreversible mental decline
Emil Kraepelin to name what we now know as schizophrenia , dementia praecox
we know as schizophrenia , dementia praecox now
138.
Emil Kraepelin attributed this mainly to degeneration .
Emil Kraepelin attributed this mainly to degeneration
139.
The concept of ` psychopathic inferiorities ' had been recently popularised in Germany by Julius Ludwig August Koch , who proposed congenital and acquired types .
The concept of ` psychopathic inferiorities had been popularised in Germany by Julius Ludwig August Koch recently
Julius Ludwig August Koch proposed congenital
140.
Others , such as Gustav Aschaffenburg , argued for a varying combination of causes .
Others , such as Gustav Aschaffenburg argued for a varying combination of causes
141.
Kurt Schneider criticized Kraepelin 's nosology for appearing to be a list of behaviors that Emil Kraepelin considered undesirable , rather than medical conditions , though Schneider 's alternative version has also been criticised on the same basis .
Kurt Schneider criticized Kraepelin 's nosology for appearing to be a list of behaviors
Emil Kraepelin considered undesirable , rather than medical conditions
Schneider 's alternative version has also been criticised on the same basis
142.
The issues would today mainly be considered under the category of personality disorders , or in terms of Emil Kraepelin focus on psychopathy .
The issues would mainly be considered under the category of personality disorders , or in terms of Emil Kraepelin
143.
Upon moving to become Professor of Clinical Psychiatry at the University of Munich in 1903 , Emil Kraepelin increasingly wrote on social policy issues .
Emil Kraepelin increasingly wrote on social policy issues Upon moving to become Professor of Clinical Psychiatry at the University of Munich in 1903
144.
Emil Kraepelin appears to have held Lamarckian concepts of evolution , such that cultural deterioration could be inherited .
Emil Kraepelin appears
Emil Kraepelin to have held Lamarckian concepts of evolution
cultural deterioration could be inherited
145.
Brune states that Emil Kraepelin nosological system was ` to a great deal , built on the degeneration paradigm ' .
a great deal built on the degeneration paradigm
Brune states that Emil Kraepelin nosological system was ` to a great deal
Emil Kraepelin nosological system was to a great deal
146.
Kraepelin 's great contribution in classifying schizophrenia and manic-depression remains relatively unknown to the general public , and Emil Kraepelin work , which had neither the literary quality nor paradigmatic power of Freud 's , is little read outside scholarly circles .
Kraepelin 's great contribution in classifying schizophrenia and manic-depression remains relatively unknown to the general public
Emil Kraepelin work had neither the literary quality nor paradigmatic power of Freud 's
Emil Kraepelin work is little read outside scholarly circles
147.
Emil Kraepelin contributions were to a large extent marginalized throughout a good part of the twentieth century , during the success of Freudian etiological theories .
Emil Kraepelin contributions were to a large extent
a large extent marginalized throughout a good part of the twentieth century
148.
Emil Kraepelin in general has been described as a ` scientific manager ' and political operator , who developed a large-scale , clinically oriented , epidemiological research programme .
Emil Kraepelin in general has been described as a ` scientific manager ' and political operator
149.
Despite proclaiming high clinical standards for Emil Kraepelin to gather information ` by means of expert analysis of individual cases ' , Emil Kraepelin would also draw on the reported observations of officials not trained in psychiatry .
Emil Kraepelin to gather information
Emil Kraepelin would draw on the reported observations of officials
officials not trained in psychiatry
150.
One of Emil Kraepelin own famous contributions to this journal also appeared in the form of a monograph ( 105 p. ) entitled Uber Sprachstorungen im Traume ( on language disturbances in dreams ) .
a monograph entitled Uber Sprachstorungen im Traume
One of Emil Kraepelin own famous contributions to this journal also appeared in the form of a monograph
famous contributions to this journal also appeared in the form of a monograph
151.
Emil Kraepelin , on the basis on the dream-psychosis analogy , studied for more than 20 years language disorder in dreams in order to study indirectly schizophasia .
Emil Kraepelin studied for more than 20 years language disorder in dreams in order
152.
The dreams Kraepelin collected are mainly Emil Kraepelin own .
The dreams collected Kraepelin
The dreams Kraepelin collected are mainly Emil Kraepelin own
153.
Emil Kraepelin is a German psychiatrist .
Emil Kraepelin is a German psychiatrist
154.
Emil Kraepelin is department head .
Emil Kraepelin is department head
155.
Emil Kraepelin is the director of the eighty-bed University Clinic .
Emil Kraepelin is the director of the eighty-bed University Clinic
Emil Kraepelin is the director of the eighty - bed University Clinic
156.
Emil Kraepelin is Professor of Clinical Psychiatry .
Emil Kraepelin is Professor of Clinical Psychiatry
Emil Kraepelin is Professor of Clinical Psychiatry
157.
Emil Kraepelin is the `` sub-acute development of a peculiar simple condition of mental weakness .
Emil Kraepelin is the `` sub-acute development of a peculiar simple condition of mental weakness
158.
Emil Kraepelin is the Kraepelinian dichotomy .
Emil Kraepelin is the Kraepelinian dichotomy
159.
Emil Kraepelin is a ` moral defect ' .
Emil Kraepelin is a ` moral defect
160.
The building is unique due to Evoluon very futuristic design , resembling a landed flying saucer .
The building is unique due to Evoluon very futuristic design
161.
It was designed by architect Louis Christiaan Kalff , while the exhibition was conceived by James Gardner .
It was designed by architect Louis Christiaan Kalff
the exhibition was conceived by James Gardner
162.
The building was based on an idea by Frits Philips , who originally made a sketch of the building on a paper napkin .
The building was based on an idea by Frits Philips
Frits Philips made a sketch of the building on a paper napkin originally
163.
Frits Philips wanted to give the people of Eindhoven a beautiful and educational gift to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the company that bears his family name .
the people of Eindhoven to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the company
the company bears his family name
Frits Philips wanted to give the people of Eindhoven a beautiful and educational gift
Frits Philips wanted to give the people of Eindhoven a beautiful and educational gift to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the company
164.
But when competing science museums opened in other cities , the number of visitors to Evoluon declined every year .
competing science museums opened in other cities
the number of visitors to Evoluon declined every year when competing science museums opened in other cities
165.
Evoluon is chiefly remembered in the UK from Bert Haanstra 's wordless short film , titled simply Evoluon .
Evoluon is chiefly remembered in the UK from Bert Haanstra 's wordless short film
Bert Haanstra 's wordless short film titled simply Evoluon
166.
Commissioned by Philips to publicise the museum , Evoluon was shown as a trade test colour film on the BBC from 1968 to 1972 .
Evoluon was shown as a trade test colour film on the BBC
167.
In this philosophical school of thought , the aim is to instill students with the `` essentials '' of academic knowledge , enacting a back-to-basics approach .
the aim is to instill students with the `` essentials '' of academic knowledge In this philosophical school of thought
168.
This core curriculum involves such areas that include the study of the surrounding environment , basic natural laws , and the disciplines that promote a happier , more educated living .
This core curriculum involves such areas that include the study of the surrounding environment , basic natural laws , and the disciplines
such areas include the study of the surrounding environment , basic natural laws , and the disciplines
the disciplines promote a happier , more educated living
169.
Essentialism is the most typically enacted philosophy in American classrooms today .
Essentialism is the most typically enacted philosophy in American classrooms today
170.
The role of the teacher as the leader of the classroom is a very important tenet of Educational essentialism .
The role of the teacher as the leader of the classroom is a very important tenet of Educational essentialism
a very important tenet is the leader of the classroom
171.
The Essentialist movement first began in the United States in the year 1938 .
The Essentialist movement began in the United States in the year first
172.
In Atlantic City , New Jersey , a group met for the first time called `` The Essentialist 's Committee for the Advancement of Education '' .
a group met for the first time In Atlantic City
the first time called The Essentialist 's Committee for the Advancement of Education
173.
The term essentialist first appeared in the book An Introduction to the Philosophy of Education which was written by Michael John Demiashkevich .
The term appeared in the book first
the Philosophy of Education was written by Michael John Demiashkevich
174.
In his book , Demiashkevich labels some specific educators ( including William C. Bagley ) as `` essentialists '' .
Demiashkevich labels some specific educators ( including William C. Bagley as `` essentialists In his book
175.
Demiashkevich compared the essentialists to the different viewpoints of the Progressive Education Association .
Demiashkevich compared the essentialists to the different viewpoints of the Progressive Education Association
176.
One point that Bagley noted was that students in the U.S. were not getting an education on the same levels as students in Europe who were the same age .
One point noted Bagley
students in Europe were the same age
One point that Bagley noted was that students in the U.S. were not getting an education on the same levels as students in Europe
students in the U.S. were not getting an education
177.
A recent branch has emerged within the essentialist school of thought called `` neoessentialism '' .
A recent branch has emerged within the essentialist school of thought
thought called neoessentialism
178.
The most notable change within this school of thought is that Educational essentialism called for the creation of a new discipline , computer science .
The most notable change within this school of thought is that Educational essentialism called for the creation of a new discipline
Educational essentialism called for the creation of a new discipline
179.
William Bagley ( 1874 -- 1946 ) was an important historical essentialist .
William Bagley was an important historical essentialist
180.
William C. Bagley completed his undergraduate degree at Michigan Agricultural College in 1895 .
William C. Bagley completed his undergraduate degree at Michigan Agricultural College in 1895
181.
He believed that liberal arts material was important in teacher education .
He believed that liberal arts material was important in teacher education
liberal arts material was important in teacher education
182.
Lastly , Bagley wrote of the importance of accuracy , thoroughness and effort on part of the student in the classroom .
Bagley wrote of the importance of accuracy , thoroughness and effort
183.
Another important essentialist is E.D. Hirsch ( 1928 - ) .
Another important essentialist is E.D. Hirsch
184.
The Core Knowledge Schools were founded on the philosophy of essentialist E.D. Hirsch .
The Core Knowledge Schools were founded on the philosophy of essentialist E.D. Hirsch
185.
Although it is difficult to maintain a pure and strict essentialist-only curriculum , these schools have the central aim of establishing a common knowledge base for all citizens .
these schools have the central aim of establishing a common knowledge base for all citizens
186.
To do so , Educational essentialism follow a nation-wide , content-specific , and teacher-centered curriculum .
Educational essentialism follow a nation-wide , content-specific , and teacher-centered curriculum
187.
One of the positive critiques of essentialism is the stability of the education .
One of the positive critiques of essentialism is the stability of the education
188.
Because essentialism is relatively conservative and focuses on disciplines which are relatively stable , Educational essentialism is a rather consistent form of education .
essentialism is relatively conservative
essentialism focuses on disciplines
disciplines are relatively stable
Educational essentialism is a rather consistent form of education
189.
However , because Essentialism is largely teacher-centered , the role of the student is often called into question .
Essentialism is largely teacher-centered
the role of the student is called into question often
190.
Presumably , in an essentialist classroom , the teacher is the one designing the curriculum for the students based upon the core disciplines .
the teacher is the one designing the curriculum for the students in an essentialist classroom
the one designing the curriculum for the students
the students based upon the core disciplines
191.
The teacher 's evaluation role undermines students ' interest in study .
The teacher 's evaluation role undermines students ' interest in study
192.
This philosophy of education is very traditional in the mindset of passing on the knowledge of the culture via the academic disciplines .
This philosophy of education is very traditional in the mindset of passing on the knowledge of the culture via the academic disciplines
193.
Educational essentialism is an educational philosophy whose adherents believe that children should learn the traditional basic subjects thoroughly .
Educational essentialism is an educational philosophy whose adherents believe that children should learn the traditional basic subjects thoroughly
194.
Educational essentialism is a rather consistent form of education .
Educational essentialism is a rather consistent form of education
195.
More recently , Progressive education has been viewed as an alternative to the test-oriented instruction legislated by the No Child Left Behind educational funding act .
Progressive education has been viewed as an alternative to the test-oriented instruction More recently
the test-oriented instruction legislated by the No Child
the No Child Left Behind educational funding act
196.
The term `` Progressive education '' was engaged to distinguish this education from the traditional curriculum of the 19th century , which was rooted in classical preparation for the university and strongly differentiated by socioeconomic level .
The term `` Progressive education was engaged to distinguish this education from the traditional curriculum of the 19th century
The term `` Progressive education to distinguish this education from the traditional curriculum of the 19th century
the traditional curriculum of the 19th century was rooted in classical preparation for the university
the traditional curriculum of the 19th century strongly differentiated by socioeconomic level
197.
Locke first speculated , `` truth and knowledge ... are out of observation and experience rather than manipulation of accepted or given ideas `` ( Locke as cited in Hayes , 2007 , p. 2 ) .
manipulation of accepted
manipulation of given ideas
Locke cited in Hayes , 2007
Locke speculated truth and knowledge ... are out of observation and experience first
truth and knowledge are out of observation and experience
198.
John Dewey , a principal figure in this movement from the 1880s to 1904 , set the tone for educational philosophy as well as concrete school reforms .
John Dewey set the tone for educational philosophy as well as concrete school reforms
John Dewey is a principal figure in this movement
199.
What Education Is : Education according to Dewey is the `` participation of the individual in the social consciousness of the race '' ( Dewey , 1897 , para .
Education Is
What Education Is : Education according to Dewey is the `` participation of the individual in the social consciousness of the race
200.
A child 's own instincts will help develop the material that is presented to them .
A child 's own instincts will help develop the material
the material is presented to them
201.
Knowledge is a social condition and it is important to help students construct their own learning , as stated : `` Hence it is impossible to prepare the child for any precise set of conditions .
Knowledge is a social condition
202.
What the School Is `` Education fails because Progressive education neglects this fundamental principle of the school as a form of community life .
Progressive education neglects this fundamental principle of the school as a form of community life
the School Is
Education fails because Progressive education neglects this fundamental principle of the school as a form of community life
203.
Progressive education conceives the school as a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or where certain habits are to be formed '' ( Dewey , 1897 , para .
Progressive education conceives the school as a place
certain information is a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or where certain habits are to be formed
certain habits to be formed a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned
certain information to be given a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or where certain habits are to be formed
certain lessons are to be learned a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or where certain habits are to be formed
certain lessons to be learned a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or where certain habits are to be formed
204.
The center of the school curriculum should reflect the development of humans in society .
The center of the school curriculum should reflect the development of humans in society
205.
The study of the core subjects ( language , science , history ) should be coupled with Progressive education .
The study of the core subjects should be coupled with Progressive education
206.
38 ) The Nature of Method Method is focused on the child 's powers and interests .
The Nature of Method Method is focused on the child 's powers and interests
207.
If the child is thrown into a passive role as a student , absorbing information , the result is a waste of the child 's education .
the child is thrown into a passive role as a student
the result is a waste of the child 's education
208.
William Heard Kilpatrick ( 1871 -- 1965 ) was a pupil of Dewey and one of the most effective practitioner of the concept as well as the more adept at proliferating Progressive education and spreading word of the works of Dewey .
William Heard Kilpatrick was a pupil of Dewey and one of the most effective practitioner of the concept
1965 ) was a pupil of Dewey
209.
The most famous early practitioner of progressive education was Francis Parker ; Progressive education best-known spokesperson was the philosopher John Dewey .
The most famous early practitioner of progressive education was Francis Parker
Progressive education best-known spokesperson was the philosopher
Francis Parker was The most famous early practitioner of progressive education
210.
In 1875 Francis Parker became superintendent of schools in Quincy , Massachusetts after spending two years in Germany studying emerging educational trends on the continent .
Francis Parker became superintendent of schools in Quincy Massachusetts after spending two years in Germany studying emerging educational trends on the continent In 1875
211.
Parker 's Quincy System called for child-centered and experience-based learning .
Parker 's Quincy System called for child-centered and experience-based learning
212.
He replaced the traditional curriculum with integrated learning units based on core themes related to the knowledge of different disciplines .
He replaced the traditional curriculum with integrated learning units
integrated learning units based on core themes
core themes related to the knowledge of different disciplines
213.
In 1883 Parker left Massachusetts to become Principal of the Cook County Normal School in Chicago , a school that also served to train teachers in Parker 's methods .
Parker left Massachusetts to become Principal of the Cook County Normal School in Chicago In 1883
Parker to become Principal of the Cook County Normal School in Chicago
a school also served to train teachers in Parker 's methods
a school also served to train teachers in Parker 's methods
214.
( Cremin , 136 ) For Dewey the two key goals of developing a cooperative community and developing individuals ' own capacities were not at odds ; they were necessary to each other .
they were necessary to each other
Dewey were not at odds
215.
This unity of purpose lies at the heart of the progressive education philosophy .
This unity of purpose lies at the heart of the progressive education philosophy
216.
( Cremin , 282 ) Based on Flexner 's demand that the modern curriculum `` include nothing for which an affirmative case can not be made out '' ( Cremin , 281 ) the new school organized its activities around four fundamental fields : science , industry , aesthetics and civics .
Cremin Based on Flexner 's demand that the modern curriculum `` include nothing
the modern curriculum include nothing for which an affirmative case can not be made out ''
an affirmative case can not be made out
the new school organized its activities
217.
The first and second grades carried on a study of community life in which they actually built a city .
The first and second grades carried on a study of community life
they actually built a city a study of community life
218.
A third grade project growing out of the day to day life of the nearby Hudson river became one of the most celebrated units of Progressive education , a unit on boats , which under the guidance of its legendary teacher Miss Curtis , became an entree into history , geography , reading , writing , arithmetic , science , art and literature .
A third grade project growing out of the day to day life of the nearby Hudson river
A third grade project growing out of the day to day life of the nearby Hudson river became one of the most celebrated units of Progressive education
the most celebrated units of Progressive education became an entree into history , geography , reading , writing , arithmetic , science , art and literature
219.
Each of the units called for widely diverse student activities , and each sought to deal in depth with some critical aspect of contemporary civilization .
Each of the units called for widely diverse student activities
each to deal in depth
220.
During the Great Depression the organization conducted an Eight Year study evaluating the effects of progressive programs .
the organization conducted an Eight Year study evaluating the effects of progressive programs During the Great Depression
an Eight Year study evaluating the effects of progressive programs
221.
More than 1500 students over four years were compared to an equal number of carefully matched students at conventional schools .
More than 1500 students over four years were compared to an equal number of carefully matched students at conventional schools
222.
Moreover , the study found that the more Progressive education departed from the traditional college preparatory program , the better was the record of the graduates .
the better was the record of the graduates
the study found that the more Progressive education departed from the traditional college preparatory program
the more Progressive education departed from the traditional college preparatory program
223.
( Kohn , Schools , 232 ) By mid-century many public school programs had also adopted elements of progressive curriculum .
Kohn , Schools , 232 ) By mid-century many public school programs had also adopted elements of progressive curriculum
224.
( Kohn , Schools , 6,7 ) As the influence of Progressive education pedagogy grew broader and more diffuse , practitioners began to vary their application of progressive principles .
practitioners to vary their application of progressive principles
practitioners began
Kohn , Schools , 6,7 ) As the influence of Progressive education pedagogy grew broader and more diffuse
225.
As varying interpretations and practices made evaluation of progressive reforms more difficult to assess , critics began to propose alternative approaches .
varying interpretations and practices made evaluation of progressive reforms more difficult to assess
critics began to propose alternative approaches As varying interpretations and practices made evaluation of progressive reforms more difficult to assess
critics began to propose alternative approaches
226.
In 1955 the publication of Rudolf Flesch 's Why Johnny Ca n't Read leveled criticism of reading programs at the progressive emphasis on reading in context .
the publication of Rudolf Flesch 's Why Johnny Ca n't Read leveled criticism of reading programs at the progressive emphasis on reading in context In 1955
227.
The conservative McCarthy era raised questions about the liberal ideas at the roots of the progressive reforms .
The conservative McCarthy era raised questions about the liberal ideas at the roots of the progressive reforms
228.
Against these critics eloquent spokespersons stepped forward in defense of the progressive tradition .
eloquent spokespersons stepped forward in defense of the progressive tradition Against these critics
229.
The Open Classroom movement , led by Herb Kohl and George Dennison , recalled many of Parker 's child centered reforms .
The Open Classroom movement led by Herb Kohl and George Dennison
The Open Classroom movement recalled many of Parker 's child
230.
President Obama 's children both attended the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools , the progressive school started by John Dewey .
President Obama 's children attended the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools
the progressive school started by John Dewey
231.
Organizations like the Boy Scouts of America rose , even amidst concerns by opponents of the progressive movement in the United States , because some people felt that social welfare of young men should be maintained through education alone .
Organizations like the Boy Scouts of America rose because some people felt that social welfare of young men should be maintained through education alone
some people felt that social welfare of young men should be maintained through education alone
social welfare of young men should be maintained
232.
Soon after his return to the U.S. , Boyce incorporated the Boy Scouts of America on February 8 , 1910 .
Boyce incorporated the Boy Scouts of America on February 8 Soon after his return to the U.S.
233.
A rethinking of education theory following that , along with the subsequent and prevailing conservative political climate , helped to cause progressivism to fall from favor .
A rethinking of education theory following that , along with the subsequent and prevailing conservative political climate , helped to cause progressivism to fall from favor
234.
Progressive education is a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or where certain habits are to be formed '' ( Dewey , 1897 , para .
Progressive education is a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or where certain habits are to be formed
certain information is
certain habits to be formed a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or
certain information to be given a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or where certain habits are to be formed
certain lessons are
certain lessons to be learned
235.
Progressive education is a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or where certain habits are to be formed '' ( Dewey , 1897 .
Progressive education is a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or where certain habits are to be formed
certain information is a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or where certain habits are to be formed
certain habits to be formed a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned
certain information to be given a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or where certain habits are to be formed
certain lessons are to be learned a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or where certain habits are to be formed
certain lessons to be learned a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or where certain habits are to be formed
236.
Progressive education is a part of society .
Progressive education is a part of society
237.
An electronic musical instrument is a musical instrument that produces Electronic musical instrument sounds using electronics .
a musical instrument produces Electronic musical instrument
An electronic musical instrument is a musical instrument sounds using electronics
An electronic musical instrument is a musical instrument that produces Electronic musical instrument
238.
Electronic musical instrument sounds by outputting an electrical audio signal that ultimately drives a loudspeaker .
Electronic musical instrument sounds by outputting an electrical audio signal
an electrical audio signal ultimately drives a loudspeaker
239.
All electronic musical instruments can be viewed as a subset of audio signal processing applications .
All electronic musical instruments can be viewed as a subset of audio signal processing applications
240.
Specialized conferences , notably the International Conference on New interfaces for musical expression , have organized to report cutting edge work , as well as to provide a showcase for artists who perform or create music with new electronic music instruments , controllers , and synthesizers .
artists create music
artists perform
Specialized conferences have organized to report cutting edge work
Specialized conferences have organized to report cutting edge work , as well as to provide a showcase for artists
Specialized conferences have organized to report cutting edge work
241.
The Theremin was notable for being the first musical instrument played without touching Electronic musical instrument .
The Theremin was notable for being the first musical instrument
the first musical instrument played
242.
Composers who ultimately utilized the Theremin included Varese -- in his piece Ecuatorial ( 1934 ) -- while conductor Leopold Stokowski experimented with Electronic musical instrument use in arrangements from the classical repertory .
Composers utilized the Theremin ultimately
Composers who ultimately utilized the Theremin included Varese
conductor Leopold Stokowski experimented with Electronic musical instrument use in arrangements
243.
The next year Henry Cowell commissioned Theremin to create the first electronic rhythm machine , called the Rhythmicon .
the first electronic rhythm machine called the Rhythmicon
Henry Cowell commissioned Theremin to create the first electronic rhythm machine The next year
Henry Cowell commissioned Theremin to create the first electronic rhythm machine , called the Rhythmicon
244.
In 1922 , in Paris , Darius Milhaud began experiments with `` vocal transformation by phonograph speed change '' .
Darius Milhaud began experiments with `` vocal transformation by phonograph speed change In 1922 in Paris
245.
The Trautonium was invented in 1928 .
The Trautonium was invented in 1928
246.
In 1929 Laurens Hammond established his company for the manufacture of Electronic musical instrument .
Laurens Hammond established his company for the manufacture of Electronic musical instrument In 1929
247.
He went on to produce the Hammond organ , which was based on the principles of the Telharmonium , along with other developments including early reverberation units .
the Hammond organ was based on the principles of the Telharmonium
He went on
He went on to produce the Hammond organ
248.
Electronic musical instrument use of envelope control is significant , since this is perhaps the most significant distinction between the modern synthesizer and other electronic instruments .
Electronic musical instrument use of envelope control is significant since this is perhaps the most significant distinction between the modern synthesizer and other electronic instruments
this is perhaps the most significant distinction between the modern synthesizer and other electronic instruments
249.
The most commonly used electronic instruments are synthesizers , so-called because Electronic musical instrument artificially generate sound using a variety of techniques .
The most commonly used electronic instruments are synthesizers because Electronic musical instrument artificially generate sound using a variety of techniques
Electronic musical instrument artificially generate sound
250.
An important technological development was the invention of the Clavivox synthesizer in 1956 by Raymond Scott with subassembly by Robert Moog .
An important technological development was the invention of the Clavivox synthesizer in 1956 by Raymond Scott with subassembly by Robert Moog
251.
The Mark II Music Synthesizer , housed at the Columbia-Princeton Electronic Music Center in New York City .
The Mark II Music Synthesizer housed at the Columbia-Princeton Electronic Music Center in New York City
252.
Designed by Herbert Belar and Harry Olson at RCA , with contributions from Vladimir Ussachevsky and Peter Mauzey , it was installed at Columbia University in 1957 .
it was installed at Columbia University in 1957
253.
The vacuum tube system had to be patched to create timbres .
The vacuum tube system to be patched to create timbres
The vacuum tube system to create timbres
254.
Buchla later produced a commercial modular synthesizer , the Buchla Music Easel .
Buchla produced a commercial modular synthesizer later
255.
Robert Moog , who had been a student of Peter Mauzey and one of the RCA Mark II engineers , created a synthesizer that could reasonably be used by musicians , designing the circuits while he was at Columbia-Princeton .
Robert Moog had been a student of Peter Mauzey and one of the RCA Mark II engineers
Robert Moog created a synthesizer that could reasonably be used by musicians , designing the circuits while he was at Columbia-Princeton
a synthesizer that could reasonably be used by musicians designing the circuits
he was at Columbia-Princeton
II is Mark of RCA
256.
The Moog synthesizer was first displayed at the Audio Engineering Society convention in 1964 .
The Moog synthesizer was displayed at the Audio Engineering Society convention in 1964 first
257.
In 1970 , Moog designed the Minimoog , a non-modular synthesizer with a built-in keyboard .
Moog designed the Minimoog In 1970
258.
The Minimoog sold 12,000 units .
The Minimoog sold 12,000 units
259.
In 1935 , another significant development was made in Germany .
another significant development was made in Germany In 1935
260.
Allgemeine Elektrizitats Gesellschaft ( AEG ) demonstrated the first commercially produced magnetic tape recorder , called the Magnetophon .
Allgemeine Elektrizitats Gesellschaft demonstrated the first commercially produced magnetic tape recorder , called the Magnetophon
the first commercially produced magnetic tape recorder called the Magnetophon
261.
Audio tape , which had the advantage of being fairly light as well as having good audio fidelity , ultimately replaced the bulkier wire recorders .
Audio tape had the advantage of being fairly light as well as having good audio fidelity
Audio tape replaced the bulkier wire recorders ultimately
262.
The term `` electronic music '' ( which first came into use during the 1930s ) came to include the tape recorder as an essential element : `` electronically produced sounds recorded on tape and arranged by the composer to form a musical composition '' ) Electronic musical instrument was also indispensable to Musique concrete .
The term `` electronic music came to include the tape recorder as an essential element
The term `` electronic music to include the tape recorder as an essential element
Electronic musical instrument was also indispensable to Musique concrete
electronically produced sounds recorded
263.
Much of this manipulation of circuits directly , especially to the point of destruction , was pioneered by Louis and Bebe Barron in the early 1950s , such as their work with John Cage on the Williams Mix and especially in the soundtrack to Forbidden Planet .
Much of this manipulation of circuits directly , especially to the point of destruction was pioneered by Louis and Bebe Barron
264.
The first digital synthesizers were academic experiments in sound synthesis using digital computers .
The first digital synthesizers were academic experiments in sound synthesis using digital computers
academic experiments in sound synthesis using digital computers
265.
FM synthesis was developed for this purpose ; as a way of generating complex sounds digitally with the smallest number of computational operations per sound sample .
FM synthesis was developed for this purpose
266.
In 1983 Yamaha introduced the first stand-alone digital synthesizer , the DX-7 .
Yamaha introduced the first stand-alone digital synthesizer In 1983
267.
Electronic musical instrument used frequency modulation synthesis ( FM synthesis ) , first developed by John Chowning at Stanford University during the late sixties .
Electronic musical instrument used frequency modulation synthesis ( FM synthesis ) , first developed by John Chowning at Stanford University during the late sixties
frequency modulation synthesis developed by John Chowning at Stanford University during the late sixties first
268.
The DX7 was the first mass market all-digital synthesizer .
The DX7 was the first mass market
269.
The Fairlight CMI ( Computer Musical Instrument ) , the first polyphonic digital sampler , was the harbinger of sample-based synthesizers .
The Fairlight CMI was the harbinger of sample-based synthesizers
270.
The Synclavier from New England Digital was a similar system .
The Synclavier from New England Digital was a similar system
271.
Jon Appleton ( with Jones and Alonso ) invented the Dartmouth Digital Synthesizer , later to become the New England Digital Corp 's Synclavier .
Jon Appleton ( with Jones and Alonso invented the Dartmouth Digital Synthesizer
272.
Iannis Xenakis began what is called musique stochastique , or stochastic music , which is a method of composing that employs mathematical probability systems .
stochastic music is a method of composing that employs mathematical probability systems
Iannis Xenakis began what is called musique stochastique , or stochastic music
273.
Different probability algorithms were used to create a piece under a set of parameters .
Different probability algorithms were used to create a piece under a set of parameters
Different probability algorithms to create a piece under a set of parameters
274.
Lejaren Hiller and Leonard Isaacson composed Iliac Suite for string quartet , the first complete work of computer-assisted composition using algorithmic composition .
Lejaren Hiller and Leonard Isaacson composed Iliac Suite for string quartet
275.
In 1957 , Max Mathews at Bell Lab wrote MUSIC-N series , a first computer program family for generating digital audio waveforms through direct synthesis .
Max Mathews at Bell Lab wrote MUSIC-N series In 1957
276.
Then Barry Vercoe wrote MUSIC 11 based on MUSIC IV-BF , a next-generation music synthesis program ( later evolving into csound , which is still widely used ) .
Barry Vercoe wrote MUSIC 11 Then
a next-generation music synthesis program evolving into csound later
csound is still widely used
277.
The primary concept of the AlphaSphere is to increase the level of expression available to electronic musicians , by allowing for the playing style of Electronic musical instrument .
The primary concept of the AlphaSphere is to increase the level of expression available to electronic musicians , by allowing for the playing style of Electronic musical instrument
278.
Many chip music devices featured synthesizers in tandem with low rate sample playback .
Many chip music devices featured synthesizers in tandem with low rate sample playback
279.
Circuit bending is the creative customization of the circuits within electronic devices such as low voltage , battery-powered guitar effects , children 's toys and small digital synthesizers to create new musical or visual instruments and sound generators .
Circuit bending is the creative customization of the circuits within electronic devices such as low voltage , battery-powered guitar effects , children 's toys and small digital synthesizers
280.
Emphasizing spontaneity and randomness , the techniques of circuit bending have been commonly associated with noise music , though many more conventional contemporary musicians and musical groups have been known to experiment with `` bent '' instruments .
the techniques of circuit bending have been commonly associated with noise music
many more conventional contemporary musicians and musical groups have been known
281.
With the revived interest for analogue synthesizer circuit bending became a cheap solution for many experimental musicians to create their own individual analogue sound generators .
the revived interest for analogue synthesizer circuit bending became a cheap solution for many experimental musicians to create their own individual analogue sound generators
282.
The modular synthesizer is a type of synthesizer consisting of separate interchangeable modules .
The modular synthesizer is a type of synthesizer
synthesizer consisting of separate interchangeable modules
The modular synthesizer is a type of synthesizer consisting
283.
According to a forum post in December 2010 , Sixense Entertainment is working on musical control with the Sixense TrueMotion motion controller .
Sixense Entertainment is working on musical control
284.
A secondary cell , for example a rechargeable battery , is one in which the chemical reactions are reversible .
A secondary cell is one in which the chemical reactions are reversible
the chemical reactions are reversible
285.
When the cell is being charged , Electrode becomes the positive and the cathode the negative electrode .
the cell is being charged
Electrode becomes the positive When the cell is being charged
286.
Many devices have other electrodes to control operation , e.g. , base , gate , control grid .
Many devices have other electrodes to control operation , e.g. , base , gate , control grid
Many devices have to control operation , e.g. , base , gate , control grid
287.
In a three-electrode cell , a counter electrode , also called Electrode , is used only to make a connection to Electrode so that a current can be applied to Electrode .
a counter electrode also called Electrode
a counter electrode is used only to make a connection to Electrode so that a current can be applied to Electrode In a three-electrode cell
288.
Electrode is the negative electrode .
Electrode is the negative electrode
289.
Electrode is the positive electrode .
Electrode is the positive electrode
290.
Epistolary novel is a novel written as a series of documents .
Epistolary novel is a novel written as a series of documents
a novel written as a series of documents
291.
The word is derived from Latin from the Greek word epistole epistole , meaning a letter ( see epistle ) .
The word is derived from Latin
the Greek word meaning a letter ( see epistle
292.
The epistolary form can add greater realism to a story , because Epistolary novel mimics the workings of real life .
The epistolary form can add greater realism to a story because Epistolary novel mimics the workings of real life
Epistolary novel mimics the workings of real life
293.
The first claims that Epistolary novel originated from novels with inserted letters , in which the portion containing the third person narrative in between the letters was gradually reduced .
the portion containing the third person narrative in between the letters
the portion containing the third person narrative in between the letters was gradually reduced novels with inserted letters
The first claims that Epistolary novel originated from novels with inserted letters
Epistolary novel originated from novels with inserted letters
294.
The other theory claims that Epistolary novel arose from miscellanies of letters and poetry : some of the letters were tied together into a ( mostly amorous ) plot .
some of the letters were tied together
The other theory claims that Epistolary novel arose from miscellanies of letters and poetry
Epistolary novel arose from miscellanies of letters and poetry
295.
The first truly epistolary novel , the Spanish `` Prison of Love '' ( Carcel de amor ) ( c. 1485 ) by Diego de San Pedro , belongs to a tradition of novels in which a large number of inserted letters already dominated the narrative .
The first truly epistolary novel , the Spanish `` Prison of Love '' ( Carcel de amor ) ( c. 1485 ) by Diego de San Pedro belongs to a tradition of novels
a large number of inserted letters dominated the narrative novels already
296.
The immensely famous Letters of a Portuguese Nun ( Lettres portugaises ) ( 1669 ) generally attributed to Gabriel-Joseph de La Vergne , comte de Guilleragues , though a small minority still regard Marianna Alcoforado as the author , is claimed to be intended to be part of a miscellany of Guilleragues prose and poetry .
Lettres portugaises
a Portuguese Nun ( Lettres portugaises ) ( 1669 generally attributed to Gabriel-Joseph de La Vergne
a small minority regard Marianna Alcoforado as the author still
The immensely famous Letters of a Portuguese Nun ( Lettres portugaises ) ( 1669 is claimed
297.
The first novel to expose the complex play that the genre allows was Aphra Behn 's Love-Letters Between a Nobleman and His Sister , which appeared in three volumes in 1684 , 1685 , and 1687 .
the complex play allows the genre
The first novel to expose the complex play was Aphra Behn 's Love-Letters Between a Nobleman and His Sister , which appeared in three volumes in 1684 , 1685 , and 1687
His Sister appeared in three volumes in 1684
298.
Starting in the 18th century , Epistolary novel was subject to much ridicule , resulting in a number of savage burlesques .
Epistolary novel was subject to much ridicule
Epistolary novel resulting in a number of savage burlesques
Epistolary novel was subject to much ridicule
299.
The most notable example of these was Henry Fielding 's Shamela ( 1741 ) , written as a parody of Pamela .
The most notable example of these was Henry Fielding 's Shamela
Henry Fielding 's Shamela written
300.
Although Jane Austen tried her hand at the Epistolary novel in juvenile writings and her novella Lady Susan , she abandoned this structure for her later work .
Jane Austen tried her hand at the Epistolary novel in juvenile writings and her novella Lady Susan
she abandoned this structure for her later work
Susan is Lady of novella
301.
Mary Shelley employs the epistolary form in her novel Frankenstein ( 1818 ) .
Mary Shelley employs the epistolary form in her novel Frankenstein ( 1818
302.
Evidence-based medicine ( EBM ) , also called evidence-based health care ( EBHC ) or Evidence-based practice ( EBP ) to broaden Evidence-based medicine application to allied health care professionals , has been defined as `` the conscientious , explicit and judicious use of current best evidence in making decisions about the care of individual patients '' .
Evidence-based medicine also called evidence-based health care ( EBHC ) or Evidence-based practice to broaden Evidence-based medicine application to allied health care professionals
Evidence-based medicine ( EBM ) , also called evidence-based health care ( EBHC ) or Evidence-based practice ( EBP ) to broaden Evidence-based medicine application to allied health care professionals has been defined as `` the conscientious , explicit and judicious use of current best evidence in making decisions about the care of individual patients
303.
EBM recognizes that many aspects of health care depend on individual factors such as quality - and value-of-life judgments , which are only partially subject to quantitative scientific methods .
quality - and value-of-life judgments are only partially subject to quantitative scientific methods
EBM recognizes that many aspects of health care depend on individual factors such as quality - and value-of-life judgments
many aspects of health care depend on individual factors such as quality - and value-of-life judgments
304.
Evidence-based medicine ( EBM ) has evolved from clinical epidemiology , a discipline promoted by the creation of the Journal of Clinical Epidemiology in 1988 .
Evidence-based medicine has evolved from clinical epidemiology
a discipline promoted by the creation of the Journal of Clinical Epidemiology in 1988
305.
Clinical epidemiology aims to bridge the gap between clinical practice and public health using population health sciences to inform clinical practice .
Clinical epidemiology aims to bridge the gap between clinical practice and public health using population health sciences to inform clinical practice
Clinical epidemiology aims to bridge the gap between clinical practice and public health
306.
Thus , the methodology that underpins EBM applies methods used in the field of epidemiology to the clinical context ( i.e. clinical epidemiology ) .
methods used in the field of epidemiology
the methodology that underpins EBM applies methods used in the field of epidemiology to the clinical context
the methodology underpins EBM
307.
This definition , put forward by one of the original proponents of evidence-based medicine , has since been adopted by major organizations , including the Cochrane Collaboration and the Centre for Evidence Based Medicine .
This definition put forward by one of the original proponents of evidence-based medicine
This definition , put forward by one of the original proponents of evidence-based medicine has been adopted by major organizations , including the Cochrane Collaboration and the Centre for Evidence since
Evidence Based Medicine
308.
This practice of evidence-based medicine requires the application of population-based data to the care of an individual patient .
This practice of evidence-based medicine requires the application of population-based data to the care of an individual patient
309.
In the current information era , this approach would be suboptimal as health care workers rapidly find themselves unable to cope with the influx of a huge variety of new information , from the irrelevant to the very important .
this approach would be suboptimal In the current information era
health care workers rapidly find themselves unable to cope with the influx of a huge variety of new information , from the irrelevant to the very important
310.
Ex cathedra statements by the `` medical expert '' are considered to be the least valid form of evidence .
Ex cathedra statements by the `` medical expert to be the least valid form of evidence
311.
The systematic review of published research studies is a major method used for evaluating particular treatments .
The systematic review of published research studies is a major method used for evaluating particular treatments
a major method used for evaluating particular treatments
312.
The Cochrane Collaboration is one of the best-known , respected examples of systematic reviews .
The Cochrane Collaboration is one of the best-known , respected examples of systematic reviews
313.
A 2007 analysis of 1016 systematic reviews from all 50 Cochrane Collaboration Review Groups found that 44 % of the reviews concluded that the intervention was `` likely to be beneficial '' , 7 % concluded that the intervention was `` likely to be harmful '' , and 49 % concluded that evidence `` did not support either benefit or harm '' .
the intervention to be harmful
49 % concluded that evidence `` did not support either benefit or harm
evidence did not support either benefit or harm
the intervention to be beneficial
7 % concluded that the intervention was `` likely to be harmful '' , and 49 % concluded that evidence `` did not support either benefit or harm
A 2007 analysis of 1016 systematic reviews from all 50 Cochrane Collaboration Review Groups found that 44 % of the reviews concluded that the intervention was `` likely to be beneficial
44 % of the reviews concluded that the intervention was `` likely to be beneficial
the intervention was likely to be beneficial
the intervention was likely to be harmful
314.
Thus , medical practitioners would select treatment options for specific cases based on the best research for each patient Evidence-based medicine treat .
medical practitioners would select treatment options for specific cases
specific cases based on the best research for each patient Evidence-based medicine treat
315.
The second area is the systematic review of medical literature to evaluate the best studies on specific topics .
The second area is the systematic review of medical literature to evaluate the best studies on specific topics
316.
Increased use of information technology turns large volumes of information into practical guides .
Increased use of information technology turns large volumes of information into practical guides
317.
Evidence-based medicine categorizes different types of clinical evidence and rates or grades them according to the strength of their freedom from the various biases that beset medical research .
Evidence-based medicine categorizes different types of clinical evidence and rates or grades them
the various biases beset medical research
318.
Evidence-based medicine requires users of GRADE who are performing an assessment of the quality of evidence , usually as part of a systematic review , to consider the impact of different factors on their confidence in the results .
Evidence-based medicine requires users of GRADE
users of GRADE are performing an assessment of the quality of evidence
319.
The confidence value is based on judgements assigned in five different domains in a structured manner .
The confidence value is based on judgements
judgements assigned in five different domains
320.
Systematic reviews may include Randomized Controlled trials that have low risk of bias , or , observational studies that have high risk of bias .
Systematic reviews may include Randomized Controlled trials
Randomized Controlled trials have low risk of bias
observational studies have high risk of bias
321.
In the case of observational studies , the quality of evidence starts of lower and may be upgraded in three domains in addition to being subject to downgrading .
the quality of evidence starts of lower may be upgraded in three domains in addition to being subject to downgrading In the case of observational studies
322.
Despite the differences between systems , the purposes are the same : to guide users of clinical research information on which studies are likely to be most valid .
the purposes are the same
studies are likely to be most valid clinical research information
studies to be most valid
323.
The differences in likelihood ratio between clinical tests can be used to prioritize clinical tests according to their usefulness in a given clinical situation .
The differences in likelihood ratio between clinical tests can be used to prioritize clinical tests according to their usefulness in a given clinical situation
324.
The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve ( AUC-ROC ) reflects the relationship between sensitivity and specificity for a given test .
The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve reflects the relationship between sensitivity and specificity for a given test
325.
Number needed to treat or Number needed to harm are ways of expressing the effectiveness and safety of an intervention in a way that is clinically meaningful .
Number needed to treat
Number to treat
a way is clinically meaningful
Number needed to harm
Number needed to harm to harm
Number needed to treat or Number needed to harm are ways of expressing the effectiveness and safety of an intervention in a way
326.
In many cases , it is unknown whether a particular `` disease '' has one , several , or no underlying biological causes , with controversy arising over whether some diseases are merely an artifact of the attempt to construct a unified classification scheme , rather than a `` real '' disease .
controversy arising over whether some diseases are merely an artifact of the attempt
some diseases are merely an artifact of the attempt
327.
Traces of evidence-based medicine 's origin can be found in ancient Greece .
Traces of evidence-based medicine 's origin can be found in ancient Greece
328.
The explicit methodologies used to determine `` best evidence '' were largely established by the McMaster University research group led by David Sackett and Gordon Guyatt .
The explicit methodologies used to determine `` best evidence
The explicit methodologies to determine best evidence
The explicit methodologies used to determine `` best evidence '' were largely established by the McMaster University research group
the McMaster University research group led by David Sackett and Gordon Guyatt
329.
Guyatt later coined the term `` Evidence-based medicine '' in 1990 .
Guyatt coined the term in 1990 later
330.
Where approval for a drug has been given , and subsequent Evidence-based medicine findings indicating that a drug may be less safe than originally anticipated , some insurers in the U.S. have reacted very cautiously and withdrawn funding .
approval for a drug has been given
some insurers in the U.S. withdrawn funding
subsequent Evidence-based medicine findings indicating that a drug may be less safe
a drug may be less safe than originally anticipated
some insurers in the U.S. have reacted very cautiously
331.
However , evidence came to light about safety concerns with the new drug which caused some insurers to stop funding Evidence-based medicine even though marketing approval was not withdrawn .
evidence came to light
the new drug caused some insurers to stop funding Evidence-based medicine
some insurers to stop funding Evidence-based medicine even though marketing approval was not withdrawn
some insurers to stop funding Evidence-based medicine
332.
Here again , the problem of induction plays a key role in arguments .
the problem of induction plays a key role in arguments Here again
333.
In his 1996 inaugural speech as President of the Royal Statistical Society , Adrian Smith held out evidence-based medicine as an exemplar for all public policy .
Adrian Smith held out evidence-based medicine In his 1996 inaugural speech as President of the Royal Statistical Society
334.
End zone is the area between the end line and goal line bounded by the sidelines .
End zone is the area between the end line and goal line
335.
A similar concept exists in both rugby football codes , where End zone is known as the in-goal area .
A similar concept exists in both rugby football codes
End zone is known as the in-goal area both rugby football codes
336.
The difference between rugby and gridiron-based codes is that in rugby , the ball must be touched to the ground in the in-goal area to count as a try ( the rugby equivalent of a touchdown ) , whereas in the gridiron-based games , simply possessing the ball while End zone is in the end zone is sufficient to count End zone as a touchdown .
The difference between rugby and gridiron-based codes is that in rugby , the ball must be touched to the ground in the in-goal area to count as a try ( the rugby equivalent of a touchdown ) , whereas in the gridiron-based games , simply possessing the ball while End zone is in the end zone is sufficient to count End zone as a touchdown
the ball must be touched to the ground in the in-goal area to count as a try in rugby
simply possessing the ball while End zone is in the end zone is sufficient to count End zone as a touchdown
End zone is in the end zone
337.
Goal posts were placed on the goal line , and any kicks that did not result in field goals but left the field through the end lines were simply recorded as touchbacks ( or , in the Canadian game , singles ; End zone was during the pre-end zone era that Hugh Gall set the record for most singles in a game , with 8 ) .
End zone was during the pre-end zone era
Goal posts were placed on the goal line
any kicks did not result in field goals
Hugh Gall set the record
any kicks that did not result in field goals left the field
338.
Thus , in 1912 , End zone was born .
End zone was born in 1912
339.
Goal posts were originally kept on the goal lines , but after End zone began to interfere with play , End zone moved back to the end lines in 1927 , where End zone have remained in college football ever since .
End zone began
End zone to interfere with play
End zone have remained in college football ever since
End zone moved back to the end lines in 1927
Goal posts were kept on the goal lines originally
340.
The National Football League moved the goal posts up to End zone again in 1932 , then back again to the end line in 1974 .
The National Football League moved the goal posts up to End zone again in 1932 , then back again to the end line in 1974
341.
In addition , a two-point conversion may be scored after a touchdown by similar means .
a two-point conversion may be scored after a touchdown by similar means
342.
The National Football League changed End zone rule in 2007 , so that a ball carrier merely touching the pylon is insufficient to score a touchdown ; the ball must actually enter the end zone .
a ball carrier merely touching the pylon
a ball carrier merely touching the pylon is insufficient to score a touchdown
the ball must actually enter the end zone
The National Football League changed End zone rule in 2007
343.
The end zone in Canadian football is 20 yards long by 65 yards wide , while the end zone in American football is 10 yards long by 53 1/3 yards wide ( Canadian football is played on a longer and wider field ) .
The end zone in Canadian football is 20 yards long by 65 yards wide
the end zone in American football is 10 yards long by 53 1/3 yards wide
Canadian football is played on a longer and wider field
344.
The goal posts in Canadian football still reside on the goal line instead of the back of End zone , partly because the number of field goal attempts would dramatically decrease if the posts were moved 20 yards back in that sport .
The goal posts in Canadian football reside on the goal line instead of the back of End zone still
the posts were moved 20 yards back in that sport
345.
At the high school level , it is not uncommon to see multi-purpose goal posts that include football goal posts at the top and a soccer net at the bottom ; these are usually seen at smaller schools and in multi-purpose stadiums where facilities are used for multiple sports .
facilities are used for multiple sports multi-purpose stadiums
multi-purpose goal posts include football goal posts at the top and a soccer net at the bottom
these are usually seen at smaller schools and in multi-purpose stadiums
these seen at smaller schools and in multi-purpose stadiums usually
346.
When these or H-shaped goal posts are used in football , the lower portions of the posts are covered with several inches of heavy foam padding to protect the safety of the players .
these or H-shaped goal posts are used in football
the lower portions of the posts are covered with several inches of heavy foam padding to protect the safety of the players When these or H-shaped goal posts are used in football
347.
One notable use of this design in higher levels is with the Pittsburgh Steelers , who kept their diagonal-line end zone decoration at Heinz Field after positive fan reaction .
One notable use of this design in higher levels is with the Pittsburgh Steelers
the Pittsburgh Steelers kept their diagonal-line end zone decoration at Heinz Field after positive fan reaction
348.
One of the quirks of the American Football League was End zone use of unusual patterns such as argyle in End zone end zones , a tradition revived in 2009 by the Denver Broncos , End zone a former AFL team .
One of the quirks of the American Football League was End zone
a tradition revived in 2009 by the Denver Broncos
349.
Ettore Ximenes ( April 11 , 1855 , Palermo -- December 20 , 1926 , Rome ) was an Italian sculptor of mostly religious and mythological subjects .
Ettore Ximenes ( April 11 , 1855 was an Italian sculptor of mostly religious and mythological subjects
350.
Ettore Ximenes also established a close relationship with Vincenzo Gemito .
Ettore Ximenes established a close relationship with Vincenzo Gemito
351.
In addition to sculpture , Ettore Ximenes also produced illustrations for the works of Edmondo De Amicis published by Treves .
Ettore Ximenes produced illustrations for the works of Edmondo De Amicis
the works of Edmondo De Amicis published by Treves
352.
Edsger W. Dijkstra was a Dutch computer scientist .
Edsger W. Dijkstra was a Dutch computer scientist
353.
This annual award was renamed the Dijkstra Prize the following year , in Edsger W. Dijkstra honor .
This annual award was renamed the Dijkstra Prize the following year
354.
Another concept due to Edsger W. Dijkstra in the field of distributed computing is that of self-stabilization -- an alternative way to ensure the reliability of the system .
Another concept due to Edsger W. Dijkstra in the field of distributed computing is that of self-stabilization -- an alternative way
355.
While Edsger W. Dijkstra had programmed extensively in machine code in the 1950s , Edsger W. Dijkstra came to the conclusion that in high-level languages frequent use of the GOTO statement was usually symptomatic of poor structure .
Edsger W. Dijkstra had programmed extensively
Edsger W. Dijkstra came to the conclusion that in high-level languages frequent use of the GOTO statement was usually symptomatic of poor structure While Edsger W. Dijkstra had programmed extensively in machine code in the 1950s
frequent use of the GOTO statement was usually symptomatic of poor structure in high-level languages
356.
In 1968 Edsger W. Dijkstra wrote a private paper `` A Case against the GO TO Statement '' , which was then published as a letter in CACM .
Edsger W. Dijkstra wrote a private paper In 1968
A Case against the GO TO Statement was published as a letter in CACM then
357.
Editor Niklaus Wirth gave this letter the heading `` Go To Statement Considered Harmful '' , which introduced the phrase `` considered harmful '' into computing .
Editor Niklaus Wirth gave this letter
Statement Considered Harmful '' introduced the phrase `` considered harmful '' into computing
358.
Edsger W. Dijkstra also strongly opposed the teaching of BASIC .
Edsger W. Dijkstra strongly opposed the teaching of BASIC
359.
Edsger W. Dijkstra was known to be a fan of ALGOL 60 , and worked on the team that implemented the first compiler for that language .
Edsger W. Dijkstra was known
Edsger W. Dijkstra to be a fan of ALGOL 60
Edsger W. Dijkstra worked on the team
the team implemented the first compiler for that language
360.
It was one of the first compilers supporting recursion .
It was one of the first compilers
the first compilers supporting recursion
361.
Edsger W. Dijkstra wrote two important papers in 1968 , devoted to the structure of a multiprogramming operating system called THE , and to Cooperating Sequential Processes .
Edsger W. Dijkstra wrote two important papers in 1968
a multiprogramming operating system called THE
362.
From the 1970s , Edsger W. Dijkstra chief interest was formal verification .
Edsger W. Dijkstra chief interest was formal verification From the 1970s
363.
Much of Edsger W. Dijkstra later work concerns ways to streamline mathematical argument .
Much of Edsger W. Dijkstra work concerns ways later
364.
The analogy Edsger W. Dijkstra made was to contrast the compositional approaches of Mozart and Beethoven .
Edsger W. Dijkstra made
The analogy Edsger W. Dijkstra made was to contrast the compositional approaches of Mozart and Beethoven
365.
Edsger W. Dijkstra was one of the early pioneers in the field of distributed computing .
Edsger W. Dijkstra was one of the early pioneers in the field of distributed computing
366.
In particular , Edsger W. Dijkstra paper `` Self-stabilizing Systems in Spite of Distributed Control '' started the sub-field of self-stabilization .
Edsger W. Dijkstra paper `` Self-stabilizing Systems in Spite of Distributed Control started the sub-field of self-stabilization
367.
For example , Edsger W. Dijkstra coined the programming phrase `` two or more , use a for '' , alluding to the rule of thumb that when you find yourself processing more than one instance of a data structure , it is time to consider encapsulating that logic inside a loop .
Edsger W. Dijkstra coined the programming phrase
Edsger W. Dijkstra coined the programming phrase alluding that when you find yourself processing more than one instance of a data structure , it is time
it is time to consider encapsulating that logic inside a loop when you find yourself processing more than one instance of a data structure
two or more use a for
you find yourself processing more than one instance of a data structure
yourself processing more than one instance of a data structure
368.
Edsger W. Dijkstra died in Nuenen on 6 August 2002 after a long struggle with cancer .
Edsger W. Dijkstra died in Nuenen on 6 August 2002 after a long struggle with cancer
369.
The following year , the ACM ( Association for Computing Machinery ) PODC Influential Paper Award in distributed computing was renamed the Dijkstra Prize in Edsger W. Dijkstra honor .
the ACM was renamed the Dijkstra Prize in Edsger W. Dijkstra honor The following year
370.
Dijkstra was known for Edsger W. Dijkstra habit of carefully composing manuscripts with Edsger W. Dijkstra fountain pen .
Dijkstra was known for Edsger W. Dijkstra habit of carefully composing manuscripts with Edsger W. Dijkstra fountain pen
371.
The manuscripts are called EWDs , since Dijkstra numbered them with EWD , Edsger W. Dijkstra initials , as a prefix .
The manuscripts are called EWDs since Dijkstra numbered them with EWD , Edsger W. Dijkstra initials , as a prefix
372.
According to Dijkstra Edsger W. Dijkstra , the EWDs started when Edsger W. Dijkstra moved from the Mathematical Centre in Amsterdam to the Eindhoven University of Technology ( then Technische Hogeschool Eindhoven ) .
the EWDs started when Edsger W. Dijkstra moved from the Mathematical Centre in Amsterdam to the Eindhoven University of Technology
Edsger W. Dijkstra moved from the Mathematical Centre in Amsterdam to the Eindhoven University of Technology
373.
After going to Eindhoven , Edsger W. Dijkstra experienced a writer 's block for more than a year .
Edsger W. Dijkstra experienced a writer 's block for more than a year After going to Eindhoven
374.
Looking closely at Edsger W. Dijkstra Edsger W. Dijkstra realized that if Edsger W. Dijkstra wrote about things they would appreciate at the MC in Amsterdam Edsger W. Dijkstra colleagues in Eindhoven would not understand ; if Edsger W. Dijkstra wrote about things they would like in Eindhoven , Edsger W. Dijkstra former colleagues in Amsterdam would look down on Edsger W. Dijkstra .
Edsger W. Dijkstra wrote about things
things would like in Eindhoven
Edsger W. Dijkstra wrote about things
things would appreciate at the MC in Amsterdam Edsger W. Dijkstra colleagues in Eindhoven
375.
Dijkstra would distribute photocopies of a new EWD among Edsger W. Dijkstra colleagues ; as many recipients photocopied and forwarded their copy , the EWDs spread throughout the international computer science community .
many recipients photocopied
many recipients forwarded their copy
the EWDs spread throughout the international computer science community
Dijkstra would distribute photocopies of a new EWD among Edsger W. Dijkstra colleagues
376.
One of Dijkstra 's sidelines was serving as Chairman of the Board of the fictional Mathematics Inc. , a company that Edsger W. Dijkstra imagined having commercialized the production of mathematical theorems in the same way that software companies had commercialized the production of computer programs .
One of Dijkstra 's sidelines was serving as Chairman of the Board of the fictional Mathematics Inc
Edsger W. Dijkstra imagined having commercialized the production of mathematical theorems
377.
The proof itself was a trade secret .
The proof was a trade secret
378.
A more successful effort was the Standard Proof for Pythagoras ' Theorem , that replaced the more than 100 incompatible existing proofs .
that replaced the more than 100 incompatible existing proofs
A more successful effort was the Standard Proof for Pythagoras ' Theorem
379.
EWD 443 ( 1974 ) describes Edsger W. Dijkstra fictional company as having over 75 percent of the world 's market share .
EWD 443 describes Edsger W. Dijkstra fictional company as having over 75 percent of the world 's market share
380.
Despite having invented much of the technology of software , Dijkstra eschewed the use of computers in Edsger W. Dijkstra own work for many decades .
Dijkstra eschewed the use of computers in Edsger W. Dijkstra own work for many decades
381.
Almost all EWDs appearing after 1972 were hand-written .
Almost all EWDs appearing after 1972 were hand-written
382.
When lecturing , Edsger W. Dijkstra would write proofs in chalk on a blackboard rather than using overhead foils .
Edsger W. Dijkstra would write proofs on a blackboard When lecturing
383.
Edsger W. Dijkstra is a Dutch computer scientist .
Edsger W. Dijkstra is a Dutch computer scientist
384.
Edsger W. Dijkstra is the Schlumberger Centennial Chair of Computer Sciences at The University of Texas at Austin from 1984 .
Edsger W. Dijkstra is the Schlumberger Centennial Chair of Computer Sciences at The University of Texas at Austin from 1984
385.
Edsger W. Dijkstra is one of the early pioneers in the field of distributed computing .
Edsger W. Dijkstra is one of the early pioneers in the field of distributed computing
386.
Miss Marple , usually referred to as Miss Marple , is a fictional character appearing in 12 of Agatha Christie 's crime novels and in 20 short stories .
Miss Marple referred to as Miss Marple , is a fictional character appearing in 12 of Agatha Christie 's crime novels and in 20 short stories usually
387.
Her first appearance was in a short story published in The Sketch magazine in 1926 , `` The Tuesday Night Club '' , which later became the first chapter of The Thirteen Problems ( 1932 ) .
Her first appearance was in a short story
a short story published in The Sketch magazine in 1926
The Tuesday Night Club became the first chapter of The Thirteen Problems later
388.
The most common explanation suggests that the name was taken from the railway station in Marple , Stockport , through which Christie passed , with the alternative account that Christie took it from the home of a Marple family who lived at Marple Hall , near her sister Madge 's home at Abney Hall .
Christie passed Marple
The most common explanation suggests that the name was taken from the railway station in Marple
the name was taken from the railway station in Marple
Madge is sister of hers
389.
Agatha Christie attributed the inspiration for the character of Miss Marple to a number of sources : Miss Marple was `` the sort of old lady who would have been rather like some of my step grandmother 's Ealing cronies -- old ladies whom I have met in so many villages where I have gone to stay as a girl '' .
Agatha Christie attributed the inspiration for the character of Miss Marple to a number of sources
I to stay as a girl
Miss Marple was the sort of old lady who would have been rather like some of my step grandmother 's Ealing cronies -- old ladies whom I have met in so many villages where I have gone to stay as a girl ''
the sort of old lady would have been rather
old ladies have met in so many villages
I have gone to stay as a girl
390.
Christie also used material from her fictional creation , spinster Caroline Sheppard , who appeared in The Murder of Roger Ackroyd .
Christie also used material from her fictional creation
her fictional creation appeared in The Murder of Roger Ackroyd
391.
When Michael Morton adapted Roger Ackroyd for the stage , he removed Miss Marple replacing her with a young girl .
Michael Morton adapted Roger Ackroyd for the stage
he removed Miss Marple When Michael Morton adapted Roger Ackroyd for the stage
he removed Miss Marple replacing her with a young girl
392.
The character of Miss Marple in the first Miss Marple book , The Murder at the Vicarage , is markedly different from how she appears in later books .
The character of Miss Marple in the first Miss Marple book is markedly different from how she appears in later books
she appears in later books
393.
Her nephew , the `` well-known author '' Raymond West appears in Vicarage , his wife Joan ( initially Joyce ) , a modern artist , in The Thirteen Problems .
Raymond West appears in Vicarage
Joyce ) is a modern artist
Joan is wife of him
394.
Miss Marple also employs young women from a nearby orphanage , whom she trains for service as general housemaids after the retirement of her long-time maid-housekeeper faithful Florence .
Miss Marple employs young women from a nearby orphanage
a nearby orphanage trains for service as general housemaids after the retirement of her long-time maid-housekeeper faithful Florence
395.
In her later years , companion Cherry Baker , first introduced in The Mirror Crack 'd From Side to Side , lives in .
companion Cherry Baker introduced in The Mirror Crack first
companion Cherry Baker lives in In her later years
396.
Miss Marple solves difficult crimes because of her shrewd intelligence , and St. Mary Mead , over her lifetime , has given her seemingly infinite examples of the negative side of human nature .
Miss Marple solves difficult crimes because of her shrewd intelligence
St. Mary Mead has given her seemingly infinite examples of the negative side of human nature over her lifetime
397.
Acquaintances may be bored by analogies that often lead her to a deeper realization about the true nature of a crime .
Acquaintances may be bored by analogies
analogies lead her to a deeper realization about the true nature of a crime often
398.
An example would be the Vicar 's son .
An example would be the Vicar 's son
399.
At the end of The Murder at the Vicarage , the Vicar 's wife is pregnant .
the Vicar 's wife is pregnant At the end of The Murder at the Vicarage
400.
Miss Marple also appears in Greenshaw 's Folly , a short story traditionally included as part of the Poirot collection The Adventure of the Christmas Pudding ( 1960 ) .
a short story traditionally included as part of the Poirot collection
Miss Marple also appears in Greenshaw 's Folly
401.
Although popular from her first appearance in 1930 , Miss Marple had to wait thirty-two years for her first big-screen appearance .
Miss Marple to wait thirty-two years for her first big-screen appearance
402.
When she made Miss Marple , the results , starring Margaret Rutherford , were popular and successful light comedies , but were disappointing to Christie herself ; nevertheless , Agatha Christie dedicated the novel The Mirror Crack 'd from Side to Side to Rutherford .
she made Miss Marple
popular and successful light comedies were disappointing to Christie When she made Miss Marple
Agatha Christie dedicated the novel
403.
Murder , She Said ( 1961 , directed by George Pollock ) was the first of four British MGM productions starring Rutherford .
She Said directed by George Pollock
She Said was the first of four British MGM productions Murder
404.
This first film was based on the 1957 novel 4:50 from Paddington ( U.S. title , What Mrs. McGillicuddy Saw ! )
This first film was based on the 1957 novel 4:50 from Paddington ( U.S. title
Mrs. McGillicuddy Saw
405.
, and the changes made in the plot were typical of the series .
the changes made in the plot were typical of the series
406.
In Miss Marple , Mrs. McGillicuddy does not see anything because there is no Mrs.
Mrs. McGillicuddy does not see anything because there is no Mrs. In Miss Marple
407.
Miss Marple herself sees an apparent murder committed on a train running alongside hers .
Miss Marple sees an apparent murder committed on a train
an apparent murder committed on a train
a train running alongside hers
408.
Likewise , Miss Marple is Miss Marple herself who poses as a maid to find out the facts of the case , not a young friend of hers who has made a business of Miss Marple .
Miss Marple is Miss Marple
a young friend of hers has made a business of Miss Marple
herself poses as a maid
herself who poses as a maid to find out the facts of the case , not
409.
The other Rutherford films ( all directed by George Pollock ) were Murder at the Gallop ( 1963 ) , based on the 1953 Hercule Poirot novel After the Funeral ( In this film , she is identified as Miss JTV Marple , though there was no indication as to what the extra initials might stand for ) ; Murder Most Foul ( 1964 ) , based on the 1952 Poirot novel Mrs McGinty 's Dead ; and Murder Ahoy !
The other Rutherford films directed by George Pollock
the extra initials might stand
she is identified as Miss JTV Marple
The other Rutherford films ( all directed by George Pollock were Murder at the Gallop ( 1963 ) , based on the 1953 Hercule Poirot novel After the Funeral ( In this film
410.
The same theme is used on all four films with slight variations on each .
The same theme is used on all four films with slight variations on each
411.
The score was written within a couple of weeks by Goodwin who was approached by George Pollock after Pollock had heard about him from Stanley Black .
The score was written within a couple of weeks by Goodwin
Goodwin was approached
Pollock had heard about him from Stanley Black
412.
Rutherford , who was 70 years old when the first film was made , insisted that she wear her own clothes during the filming of the movie , as well as having her real-life husband , Stringer Davis appear alongside her as Miss Marple ` Mr Stringer ' .
Rutherford was 70 years old when the first film was made
the first film was made
Rutherford insisted that she wear her own clothes during the filming of the movie , as well as having her real-life husband
she wear her own clothes during the filming of the movie
she wear her own clothes having her real-life husband
Stringer Davis appear alongside her
413.
In 1980 , Angela Lansbury played Miss Marple in The Mirror Crack 'd ( EMI , directed by Guy Hamilton ) , based on Christie 's 1962 novel .
Angela Lansbury played Miss Marple in The Mirror Crack In 1980
EMI directed by Guy Hamilton
414.
Edward Fox appeared as Inspector Craddock , who did Miss Marple legwork .
Edward Fox appeared as Inspector Craddock
Inspector Craddock did Miss Marple legwork
415.
Lansbury went on to star in the TV series Murder , She Wrote as Jessica Fletcher , a mystery novelist who also solves crimes .
Lansbury to star in the TV series Murder
a mystery novelist solves crimes
She Wrote as Jessica Fletcher
Lansbury went on
Jessica Fletcher is a novelist of mystery
416.
American TV was the setting for the first dramatic portrayal of Miss Marple with Gracie Fields , the legendary British actress , playing her in a 1956 episode of Goodyear TV Playhouse based on A Murder Is Announced , the 1950 Christie novel .
American TV was the setting for the first dramatic portrayal of Miss Marple with Gracie Fields
a 1956 episode of Goodyear TV Playhouse based on A Murder
Gracie Fields is the legendary British actress
Gracie Fields is the legendary actress from United Kingdom
417.
In 1970 , the character of Miss Marple was portrayed by Inge Langen in a West German television adaptation of The Murder at the Vicarage ( Mord im Pfarrhaus ) .
the character of Miss Marple was portrayed by Inge Langen in a West German television adaptation of The Murder at the Vicarage In 1970
418.
Sue Grafton contributed to the screenplay of the former .
Sue Grafton contributed to the screenplay of the former
419.
From 1984 to 1992 , the BBC adapted all of the original Miss Marple novels as a series titled Miss Marple .
the BBC adapted all of the original Miss Marple novels as a series From 1984 to 1992
a series titled Miss Marple
420.
Joan Hickson played the lead role .
Joan Hickson played the lead role
421.
In the 1940s , Joan appeared on-stage in an Agatha Christie play , Appointment with Death , which was seen by Christie who wrote in a note to her , `` I hope one day you will play my dear Miss Marple '' .
Joan appeared In the 1940s
on-stage in an Agatha Christie play was seen by Christie
Christie wrote in a note to her
I hope one day you will play my dear Miss Marple
you will play my dear Miss Marple one day
Marple is dear Miss of mine
422.
( Coincidentally , Hickson had played a housekeeper in the first film in which Margaret Rutherford played Miss Marple .
Hickson had played a housekeeper in the first film
Margaret Rutherford played Miss Marple the first film
423.
As well as portraying Miss Marple on television , Hickson also narrated a number of Miss Marple stories on audio books .
Hickson narrated a number of Miss Marple stories on audio books
424.
Geraldine McEwan starred in the first three series .
Geraldine McEwan starred in the first three series
425.
Julia McKenzie took over the role in the fourth season .
Julia McKenzie took over the role in the fourth season
426.
Miss Marple voice is provided by Kaoru Yachigusa .
Miss Marple voice is provided by Kaoru Yachigusa
427.
Listing of the TV series episodes featuring Kaoru Yachigusa : In 1974 , Barbara Mullen played Miss Marple in Murder at the Vicarage at the Savoy Theatre , London .
the TV series episodes featuring Kaoru Yachigusa
Barbara Mullen played Miss Marple in Murder at the Vicarage at the Savoy Theatre Listing of the TV series episodes In 1974
428.
BBC Radio 4 dramatised all of the novels from 1993-2001 with June Whitfield as Miss Marple .
BBC Radio 4 dramatised all of the novels from 1993-2001 with June Whitfield as Miss Marple
429.
Miss Marple was also referenced multiple times in the episode `` Paris '' of the BBC Radio 4 program Cabin Pressure .
Miss Marple was referenced multiple times in the episode `` Paris '' of the BBC Radio 4 program Cabin Pressure
430.
Miss Marple is the sort of old lady who would have been rather like some of my step grandmother 's Ealing cronies -- old ladies whom I have met in so many villages where I have gone to stay as a girl '' .
Miss Marple is the sort of old lady who would have been rather like some of my step grandmother 's Ealing cronies -- old ladies whom I have met in so many villages
the sort of old lady who would have been rather like some of my step grandmother 's Ealing cronies -- old ladies have met in so many villages
I have gone to stay as a girl so many villages
I to stay as a girl
Miss Marple is the sort of old lady
431.
Miss Marple is a bold and eccentric old lady , different from the prim and birdlike character Christie created in her novels .
Miss Marple is a bold and eccentric old lady , different from the prim and birdlike character
the prim and birdlike character created in her novels
432.
Miss Marple is Miss Marple .
Miss Marple is Miss Marple
433.
Miss Marple is Miss Marple herself .
Miss Marple is Miss Marple
434.
Miss Marple is a young friend of hers who has made a business of it .
Miss Marple is a young friend of hers who has made a business of it
a young friend of hers has made a business of it
435.
Educational perennialism believe that the most important topics develop a person .
Educational perennialism believe that the most important topics develop a person
436.
A particular strategy with modern perennialists is to teach scientific reasoning , not facts .
A particular strategy with modern perennialists is to teach scientific reasoning
437.
Educational perennialism may illustrate the reasoning with original accounts of famous experiments .
Educational perennialism may illustrate the reasoning with original accounts of famous experiments
438.
However , since the teachers associated with perennialism are in a sense the authors of the Western masterpieces themselves , these teachers may be open to student criticism through the associated Socratic method , which , if carried out as true dialogue , is a balance between students , including the teacher promoting the discussion .
the teachers associated with perennialism
the associated Socratic method is a balance between students , including the teacher
the teachers associated with perennialism are in a sense
the teacher promoting the discussion
these teachers may be open to student criticism through the associated Socratic method
439.
As promoted primarily by Robert Hutchins and Mortimer Adler , a universal curriculum based upon the common and essential nature of all human beings is recommended .
a universal curriculum based upon the common and essential nature of all human beings
440.
Hutchins and Adler implemented these ideas with great success at the University of Chicago , where they still strongly influence the curriculum in the form of the undergraduate Common Core .
Hutchins and Adler implemented these ideas
they strongly influence the curriculum still
441.
Our political institutions can not thrive , Educational perennialism may not even survive , if we do not produce a greater number of thinking citizens , from whom some statesmen of the type we had in the 18th century might eventually emerge .
we do not produce a greater number of thinking citizens , from whom some statesmen of the type we had in the 18th century might eventually emerge
the type had in the 18th century
some statesmen of the type might emerge a greater number of thinking citizens eventually
Our political institutions can not thrive
Educational perennialism may not even survive
442.
Hutchins writes in the same vein : The business of saying ... that people are not capable of achieving a good education is too strongly reminiscent of the opposition of every extension of democracy .
people of achieving a good education
The business of saying ... that people are not capable of achieving a good education is too strongly reminiscent of the opposition of every extension of democracy
Hutchins writes in the same vein
443.
This opposition has always rested on the allegation that the people were incapable of exercising the power Educational perennialism demanded .
the people were incapable of exercising the power Educational perennialism
the people of exercising the power Educational perennialism
444.
Adler states : `` The three R 's , which always signified the formal disciplines , are the essence of liberal or general education '' .
The three R 's signified the formal disciplines always
Adler states The three R 's , which always signified the formal disciplines , are the essence of liberal or general education
The three R 's , which always signified the formal disciplines are the essence of liberal or general education
445.
Great books are great teachers ; Educational perennialism are showing us every day what ordinary people are capable of .
ordinary people are capable of
Educational perennialism are showing us every day what ordinary people are capable of
Great books are great teachers
446.
Educational perennialism are usually the first announcements for success in learning .
Educational perennialism are usually the first announcements for success in learning
447.
In the course of history ... new books have been written that have won their place in the list .
new books have been written In the course of history
448.
Perennialism was a solution proposed in response to what was considered by many to be a failing educational system .
Perennialism was a solution proposed in response to what was considered by many to be a failing educational system
a solution proposed
449.
One of the most remarkable features of American society is that the difference between the `` uneducated '' and the `` educated '' is so slight .
One of the most remarkable features of American society is that the difference between the `` uneducated '' and the `` educated '' is so slight
the difference between the `` uneducated '' and the `` educated is so slight
450.
In a highly negative review of the book , Dewey wrote a series of articles in The Social Frontier which began by applauding Hutchins ' attack on `` the aimlessness of our present educational scheme .
Dewey wrote a series of articles in The Social Frontier In a highly negative review of the book
articles in The Social Frontier began by applauding Hutchins ' attack on `` the aimlessness of our present educational scheme
451.
Educational perennialism freely acknowledge that any particular selection of great books will disagree on many topics ; however , they see this as an advantage , rather than a detriment .
they see this
Educational perennialism freely acknowledge that any particular selection of great books will disagree on many topics
any particular selection of great books will disagree on many topics
452.
In the nineteenth century , John Henry Newman presented a detailed defense of educational perennialism in The Idea of a University .
John Henry Newman presented a detailed defense of educational perennialism in The Idea of a University In the nineteenth century
453.
Discourse 5 of that work , `` Knowledge Educational perennialism Own End , is still relevant as a clear statement of a Christian educational perennialism .
Discourse 5 of that work , `` Knowledge Educational perennialism Own End is still relevant as a clear statement of a Christian educational perennialism
454.
Educational perennialism is the first announcements for success in learning .
Educational perennialism is the first announcements for success in learning
455.
Many studies , particularly in the fields of psychology and cognitive therapy , have suggested MDMA has therapeutic benefits and facilitates therapy sessions in certain individuals , a practice for which MDMA had formally been used in the past .
MDMA facilitates therapy sessions
a practice had formally been used in the past
Many studies , particularly in the fields of psychology and cognitive therapy have suggested MDMA has therapeutic benefits and facilitates therapy sessions in certain individuals , a practice
MDMA has therapeutic benefits
456.
For 2008 , the UN estimated between 10 and 25 million people globally used MDMA once in the past year .
the UN estimated between 10 and 25 million people globally used MDMA once in the past year For 2008
people globally used MDMA once in the past year
457.
Recently , two randomized , controlled trials of MDMA-assisted psychotherapy for post-traumatic stress disorder were published .
controlled trials of MDMA-assisted psychotherapy for post-traumatic stress disorder were published Recently
two randomized
458.
The term `` flipping '' may come from the subjective effects of using MDMA with a psychedelic in which the user may shift rapidly between a more lucid state and a more psychedelic state several times during the course of MDMA experiences .
The term `` flipping may come from the subjective effects of using MDMA with a psychedelic
the user may shift rapidly during the course of MDMA experiences a psychedelic
459.
In general , users begin reporting subjective effects within 30 -- 60 minutes of consumption , hitting a peak at about 75 -- 120 minutes , reaching a plateau that lasts about 3.5 hours .
a plateau lasts about 3.5 hours
users begin reporting subjective effects within 30
users begin reporting subjective effects hitting a peak at about 75
users begin reporting subjective effects reaching a plateau that lasts about 3.5 hours
460.
After the drug has run MDMA course , many users report feeling fatigue .
the drug has run MDMA course
many users report feeling fatigue After the drug has run MDMA course
461.
In January 2001 , an overview of the subjective side effects of MDMA based on clinical research conducted over several years involving 74 healthy volunteers .
the subjective side effects of MDMA based on clinical research
In January 2001 , an overview of the subjective side effects of MDMA based on clinical research conducted over several years involving 74 healthy volunteers
462.
The top side effects reported were difficulty concentrating , jaw clenching , grinding of the teeth during sleep , lack of appetite , and dry mouth/thirst ( all occurring in more than 50 % of the 74 volunteers ) .
The top side effects reported
The top side effects reported were difficulty concentrating , jaw clenching
jaw clenching grinding of the teeth during sleep
all occurring in more than 50 % of the 74 volunteers
463.
In rats , high doses and in high temperatures , serotonergic neurotoxicity is limited and dopaminergic neurotoxicity occurs .
serotonergic neurotoxicity is limited and dopaminergic neurotoxicity occurs In rats , high doses and in high temperatures
neurotoxicity occurs
464.
Moreover , this research shows the amount of doses consumed does not significantly predict memory performance .
doses consumed
this research shows the amount of doses consumed does not significantly predict memory performance
the amount of doses does not significantly predict memory performance
465.
Other meta analyses have reported possibility of impairment of executive functioning .
Other meta analyses have reported possibility of impairment of executive functioning
466.
Despite these findings , many factors , including total lifetime MDMA consumption , the duration of abstinence between uses , dosage , the environment of use , multiple drug use/abuse , quality of mental health , various lifestyle choices , and predispositions to develop clinical depression and other disorders , have made the results of many studies difficult to verify .
many factors , including total lifetime MDMA consumption have made the results of many studies difficult to verify
467.
A study that attempted to eliminate these confounding factors found few differences in the cognitive functioning of MDMA-using ravers versus non-MDMA-using ravers , `` In a study designed to minimize limitations found in many prior investigations , we failed to demonstrate marked residual cognitive effects in ecstasy users .
limitations found in many prior investigations
A study that attempted to eliminate these confounding factors found few differences in the cognitive functioning of MDMA-using ravers versus non-MDMA-using ravers
A study attempted to eliminate these confounding factors
A study attempted to eliminate these confounding factors
we failed to demonstrate marked residual cognitive effects in ecstasy users In a study
we to demonstrate marked residual cognitive effects in ecstasy users
a study designed to minimize limitations
468.
This finding contrasts with many previous findings-including our own-and emphasizes the need for continued caution in interpreting field studies of cognitive function in illicit ecstasy users '' .
This finding contrasts with many previous findings-including our own-and emphasizes the need for continued caution in interpreting field studies of cognitive function in illicit ecstasy users
469.
Diuretics such as alcohol may exacerbate these risks further .
Diuretics such as alcohol may exacerbate further these risks
470.
The rate at which the brain recovers from serotonergic changes is unclear .
the brain recovers from serotonergic changes is unclear The rate
471.
One study demonstrated lasting serotonergic changes in some animals exposed to MDMA .
One study demonstrated lasting serotonergic changes in some animals
serotonergic changes in some animals exposed to MDMA
472.
Some studies show MDMA may be neurotoxic in humans .
Some studies show MDMA may be neurotoxic in humans
MDMA may be neurotoxic in humans
473.
Other studies , however , suggest that any potential brain damage may be at least partially reversible following prolonged abstinence from MDMA .
Other studies suggest that any potential brain damage may be at least partially reversible following prolonged abstinence from MDMA
any potential brain damage may be at least partially reversible following prolonged abstinence from MDMA
