1.

2.
Simon is quoted as saying `` if you 'd ever seen Widnes , then you 'd know why I was keen to get back to London as quickly as possible '' .
Simon is quoted as saying `` if you 'd ever seen Widnes , then you 'd know why I was keen to get back to London as quickly as possible
I to get back as quickly
you 'd seen Widnes ever
Simon as saying then you 'd know why I was keen to get back to London as quickly as possible
3.
The couple had no children .
The couple had no children
4.
Hercule Poirot is a fictional Belgian detective , created by Agatha Christie .
Hercule Poirot is a fictional Belgian detective , created by Agatha Christie
a fictional Belgian detective created by Agatha Christie
5.
A more obvious influence on the early Hercule Poirot stories is that of Arthur Conan Doyle .
A more obvious influence on the early Hercule Poirot stories is that of Arthur Conan Doyle
6.
Hercule Poirot also bears a striking resemblance to A. E. W. Mason 's fictional detective -- Inspector Hanaud of the French Surete -- who , first appearing in the 1910 novel At the Villa Rose , predates the writing of the first Hercule Poirot novel by six years .
Hercule Poirot bears a striking resemblance to A. E. W. Mason 's fictional detective
7.
In chapter four of the second Inspector Hanaud novel , The House of the Arrow ( 1924 ) , Hanaud declares sanctimoniously to the heroine , `` You are wise , Mademoiselle ... For , after all , I am Hanaud .
Hanaud declares sanctimoniously to the heroine You are wise , Mademoiselle ... For , after all , I am Hanaud In chapter four of the second Inspector Hanaud novel
8.
Christie 's Hercule Poirot was a francophone Belgian .
Christie 's Hercule Poirot was a francophone Belgian
9.
Hercule Poirot first appearance was in The Mysterious Affair at Styles ( published 1920 ) and his last in Curtain ( published 1975 , the year before Christie died ) .
Christie died
Hercule Poirot first appearance was in The Mysterious Affair at Styles ( published 1920
10.
On publication of the latter , Hercule Poirot was the only fictional character to be given an obituary in the New York Times ; 6 August 1975 `` Hercule Poirot is Dead ; Famed Belgian Detective '' .
the only fictional character to be given an obituary in the New York Times 6 August 1975
Hercule Poirot is Dead
Hercule Poirot was the only fictional character to be given an obituary in the New York Times 6 August 1975 On publication of the latter
